,0
0," [Note 3/12/2011: Do not confuse the 2008 Trentatre Rosso with the 2009 that is on Trader Joes shelves now. Read the 2009 review.]   The 2008 Trentatre Rosso 33 from Trader Joes (for just $5.99) wearing the official (and highly sought after) Reverse Wine Snob Ratings Champion Crown!  From the bottle: This unique wine comes from the Apulia Region located in the depth of Southern Italy. The blend is an equal amount of three different varietals. Cabernet Sauvignon 33,3%, Merlot 33,3%, and Montepulciano 33,4% collectively aged six months in oak barrels, hence the name ""Trentatre"" which in Italian means Thirtythree. The color is a deep purple-red with a pleasant fruity nose with hints of plum, cherry, and chocolate. Full bodied, it has a supple finish with soft tannins. Enjoy it with pasta, pizza, grilled meats, seasoned cheese...or even on its own!This wine has a wonderful fruity flavor and is super easy to drink. In fact, it is too easy. We cant tell you how it holds up on the second day because a bottle has never lasted that long in our house! Stock up on this one now since theres no guarantee the next vintage will be anywhere near this level (as is the trend with these Trader Joes hits, they tend to be one or two hit wonders.) Wine like this is exactly what this blog is all about -- great tasting wine at an incredibly affordable price that allows the average consumer to enjoy a glass of wine with a meal on a regular basis!  So there we have it, our first"
1, [EDIT: Check out the review of the latest vintage!] 
2,
3, [NOTE: Find the review of the latest vintage here!] 
4," BULK BUY!     Love at first sniff.   100% Syrah from Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The nose provides aromas of jammy blackberries, cassis, cedar, and tobacco. The palate is full with soft tannins and balanced acidity – dominant fruit with subtle oak nuances that enhance the brambly character of this wine. Dark fruit and spice linger on the palate as the wine finishes smooth with slight tingly and dusty tannins.  13.9% Alcohol""Ridge Crest is the second label for Claar Cellars in Columbia Valley, but all it takes is one taste of their 2010 Syrah to know there is nothing secondary about it. Syrah is one of our very favorite varieties here at The Reverse Wine Snob -- weve been enamored with examples like those from Andrew Murray Vineyards and Bonny Doon Vineyard for a long time. Todays wine ranks right up there and even does it for less than $10!  The 2010 Ridge Crest Syrah begins with a big, perfumed aroma that sucks you right into the glass. Blackberry, cedar, spice, vanilla and a nice touch of smoked meat highlight the beautiful bouquet. Tasting the wine reveals luscious, dark, jammy fruit followed by an explosion of peppery spice wrapped up in a smooth lush texture. Secondary notes include vanilla, chocolate and cola plus a bit of tobacco that lingers into the dry, long, fruit and spice filled finish. Simply delicious!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: "
5,
6,
7," BULK BUY!     Super savory with a fantastic finish.   Sangiovese from Chianti Rufina, Tuscany, Italy.  Available for as low as $16.   From the bottle: ""The Colognole estate winery has been owned by the Spalletti family since 1890. Of its more than 700 hectares in the Rufina hills of Tuscany, 27 (66 acres) are in the vineyard. The cool summer breezes from the nearby Apennine mountains encourage the unique character in Chianti Rufina wines: excellent balance, elegance, and significant potential for long-term ageing.  13.5% Alcohol""As weve noted before, Chianti and all the various sub-zones and classifications can be quite confusing. Todays wine comes from Chianti Rufina, a sub-zone of the bigger Chianti region that is generally thought of as producing some of the best Chianti (along with the Chianti Classico region). The Rufina area offers winemakers a slightly higher elevation and a bit cooler climate which helps influence the flavor of the grapes. And our selection today is definitely flavorful!  The 2007 Colognole Chianti Rufina begins with a wonderful aroma dominated by savory sour black cherry and violet notes. The savory theme continues when tasting this wine which features saliva-inducing flavors of juicy sour black cherry, dried herbs, a little smoked meat and excellent acidity. It was a fabulous match for our sausage pizza. On the wonderful, long, dry finish the flavors of the wine intensify into tasty spice and bright mineral notes. Fantastic -- this is the definition of savory!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8."
8," BULK BUY!    It doesnt get much better than this under $20!  40% Touriga Nacional, 30% Touriga Franca and 30% Tinta Roriz (Tempranillo) from the Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Family owned and run, all Estate made from grape to botle, A graded grapes, low yields.  Grape Varieties: Touriga Nacional 40%, Tinta Roriz 30% and Touriga Franca 30%  Hand Picked. Matured in French barriques. Aged oak casks for 9 months.  14.5% Alcohol""The Douro region in Portugal has a long history with Port. And while there is some truly delicious Port out there (that we will be reviewing in our upcoming series), the most exciting thing coming out of the Douro, at least for me, is table wine. Table wine has been produced here for ages but it was just in the 1990s that it began to be taken more seriously and widely exported to the rest of the world.   The producer of todays wine, Quinta de la Rosa, was one of the pioneers in this endeavor to produce world class table wines. We previously reviewed one of their white wines, the douRosa Douro White Wine 2011 - The Douro Delivers Much More Than Port. Today we turn to their Estate Red which uses the same grapes commonly found in Port.  The 2009 Quinta De La Rosa Douro Red begins with a strong aroma of succulent ripe fruit that sucks you right in. The fabulous bouquet features blackberry, plum and even a little banana with vanilla and spice rounding it out. The wine tastes serious! This is a big and delicious full-bodied wine with wonderful complexity. The oak aging is done to perfection adding all the right notes without overdoing it. The La Rosa delivers a smooth, silky and rich texture featuring concentrated, succulent fruit and layers of tasty spice. And despite the big and serious nature of this wine it is quite easy to drink. The finish goes on and on with sweet blackberry notes and loads of spice. It simply doesnt get much better than this for under $20!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8."
9,"   BULK BUY!  Shiraz from Gundagai, Australia.  SRP of $23 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Zing USA for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Eden Road is a small vineyard and winery located in Murrumbateman, a sub-region of the Canberra District.  The Long Road Shiraz is carefully selected from sites in the Gundagai region which has both basalt rich soils that deliver highly perfumed aromatic wines, and ironstone rich soils that provide a mineral, crushed rock and gravely tannin structure.  This Shiraz was matured in 3-4 year old French oak puncheons (300 liters) for 14 months prior to bottling. In addition, a small component (30%) was matured in stainless steel for 14 months. Shiraz is an opulent and perfumed variety and this maturation technique allows a clear expression of both fruit and terroir with little interruption from the oak. The wine displays aromatic perfume, bright red fruit and an elegant tannin structure. This wine is a great representation of Shiraz and the Gundagai terroir.  13.5% Alcohol""Syrah/Shiraz is one of my very favorite varieties. (Syrah and Shiraz are the same grape, they are just called different names in different areas.) One of the reasons I love it is simply that it is grown so widely and can express itself quite differently in each region. Australian Shiraz has gotten a bit of a bad rep as of late for producing cheap, one dimensional wines. Well, todays wine is here to put an end to that myth.  The 2010 Eden Road The Long Road Gundagai Shiraz begins with a wonderful aroma of dense, ripe blackberries, great licorice, some spice notes, and a bit of olive. Tasting the wine shows more blackberry flavors plus some deliciously sweet blueberry. The ""denseness"" from the bouquet carries over as well -- this wine has a thick, almost chewy texture but still manages to come off very smooth. Rich delicious fruit with nuanced pepper, spice, smoke and vanilla notes burst onto the scene on the long, lingering finish. Just as good on day 2. Really excellent stuff -- one of the few wines to which weve given a perfect 10/10 Taste rating -- and another reason to love Syrah/Shiraz!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8."
10,"  100% Tempranillo from Rioja, Spain.  Normally sold for anywhere from $18-$25 but purchased at Costco for only $10!  From the bottle: ""Made from selected Tempranillo grapes from our best vineyards. After a temperature controlled fermentation, 24 months ageing in American and French oak barrels and final process of bottle maturation in our cellars, we attain this fine and balanced wine.  Bright cherry red in colour. Displays a deep complexity of ripe red fruits, spices, tobacco and liquorice very well balanced. Warm, complex and elegant in the palate with a long and velvety aftertaste. Ideal to serve with all types of meat dishes, stews and matured cheese.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is one that I totally stumbled upon on a recent trip to Costco. As I perused the store, I pulled out a $10 bottle to take a closer look and was shocked to find a 2007 Rioja Reserva. At $10, its got to be too good to be true I thought to myself. As you may remember, Rioja has very strict standards for labeling their wine and a Reserva wine must have 18-24 months of aging in oak and another 18-24 months in the bottle. (In the case of this wine it is 24 months in both.) My curiosity got the best of me and I bought one bottle to check it out.  I love Spain for value wines. Not only has this wine experienced a lot of aging in oak and the bottle, but the vines that produced these grapes have an average age of 30 years -- in a $10 bottle! The extreme value here reminds me of another of my favorite Spanish wines, the Evodia Garnacha. I was sure hoping it might be as good.  Upon returning home I did a little web searching and quickly found that Wine Enthusiast has this wine and vintage #18 on their top 100 list for 2011. Mind you, this was not their ""Budget Buy"" top 100, but the overall top 100 with wines of all price points. Now I generally dont put a lot of stock in these lists, but this certainly peaked my interest even more. I decided I couldnt wait and popped open a bottle that very night. The result? Read on...  The oak influence on the 2007 Vina Eguia Rioja Reserva is apparent right from the get-go with strong vanilla aromas but there are also notes of black cherry, spice and licorice which all become more prominent as the wine opens up. Tasting the wine also shows lots of oak influence in the strong vanilla flavors but again the fruit appears nicely with some air. The wine has strong and rich tannins and a nice dense mouthfeel. Patience is definitely rewarded here because as it breathes you gets loads of licorice, cola, black cherry and mixed berries along with vanilla and cinnamon. Really tasty. The medium-long finish is dry and has slightly sour black cherry cola and vanilla flavors. As I said this is a really delicious wine once it opens up -- the oak overwhelms at first but by day 2 it is great. Give it a couple more years and I think itll be utterly fantastic.  If you were buying this to drink today, Id probably give a Taste Rating of an 8, which is very good. However, based on the potential here I have to bump this up to a 9. Its pretty rare you can find an age worthy gem like this for only $10. I liked it so much I hurried back to Costco first thing the next morning to stock up!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8."
11,
12," [Also check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  Trader Joes Week continues with a couple iconic and expensive Italian varieties on the cheap. The question is, are they worth it?  First up is the 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata. This wine is 100% Sangiovese from Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $13.99.   From the bottle: ""Recognized as a ""Four Star"" vintage, our 2008 Sommavite Brunello exhibits the pure fruit of dark cherries, dried berries and flowers followed by a full-bodied yet silky finish. We suggest opening the bottle an hour in advance and matching with hearty cuisine.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata certainly starts off right. Abundant aromas of dark fruit, dried herbs and some spice combine to create a very attractive nose. Tasting the wine reveals a very smooth and silky texture with dark, sour fruit. The tannins are soft and dry. Theres not a lot of complexity here, but it is certainly tasty. On the finish the dark fruit turns even more sour. Im sure Brunello aficionados could pick this one apart but the bottom line is that for $14 this is quite a nice wine (and less than 1/3 the cost of a normal Brunello).  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco which is 100% Nebbiolo from Piedmont, Italy. Again, this wine is available exclusively at Trader Joes. It was purchased for $9.99.   From the bottle: ""Barbaresco is a distinguished and aristocratic red wine. Ruby-red shading to garnet in color, it is very intense and forward with scents of violet and vanilla. Rich and generous in the mouth, with an elegant and lingering finish.  13.5% Alcohol""As we stated above this wine is a Trader Joes exclusive which many times makes finding the actual producer of the wine difficult. In this case a web search revealed that the label was trademarked by Terre da Vino, a cooperative of 3,000 growers representing almost 15,000 acres of vineyards in Piedmont, Italy. It doesnt look like they have many wines available in the U.S. but the few that do make their way here are not cheap.   The 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco begins with a pleasant aroma of black cherry and spice along with a little licorice and a hint of leather. This medium-bodied wine tastes soft and easy to drink with fine, dusty tannins and lots of savory red and black cherry. It also has good acidity which would help to make it a very good food wine. It ends dry, with good length and long lingering spice notes. While I havent tasted a ton of Barbaresco in my lifetime (since it is typically out of our price range), I have had a lot of $10 wine and this is one damn tasty bottle for that price. And as good as this wine is, dont bother with the $20 Barolo from the same label -- its not up to nearly the same standard.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8."
13," BULK BUY!     A $10 Italian Wonder.   72% Sangiovese and 28% Merlot from Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $21 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Two distinguished winemaking families -- Franceschi from Italy and Terlato from the United States -- have combined their expertise to develop this amazing Super Tuscan. The wine boasts ripe, dark berry aromas and flavors while the Sangiovese provides a firm backbone and substantial body, the Merlot brings a luscious mouthfeel and lingering finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine brings together two families, one experts in Sangiovese and the other in Merlot, to create a Super Tuscan grown on the Tenuta Il Poggione estate in Montalcino, the same estate that produces their famed Brunello di Montalcino. As it happens, Sangiovese/Merlot blends are one of our favorites, just take a look at these: Luce Della Vite Lucente 2009 - A Silky Smooth Saturday Splurge San Polo Mezzopane Sant Antimo 2005 - One Spicy Character La Massa Toscana 2010 - Costco Week Wine #4 So while it certainly appeared as if the stars were aligning, as always the proof lies in the execution. Much to our delight (especially given the low price), the Mazzoni delivered.  The 2010 Mazzoni Rosso di Toscana begins with a wonderfully complex aroma of red berry, spice, licorice, leather, plum and a hint of anise. The wine tastes of rich, juicy fruit with wonderfully integrated spice that flows into the finish and lingers in the mouth for an incredibly long time. Youll also find good balance, good acidity and a delicious dry texture. Yum!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8."
14," BULK BUY!     A special guest review on a big, bold wine targeted at men.   Today we have a guest post by Steve Kubota, a wine consumer with over two decades experience searching out great value in wine. Follow Steve on Twitter to get more of his great value picks!   Zinfandel is genetically related to Primitivo, a popular grape from Italy. Both Zinfandel and Primitivo are clones from the lesser known Crljenak from Croatia. I have enjoyed Zinfandel over many years and decades that ranged in price from $7 to more than $75. I was first introduced to the varietal in the late 1980’s and immediately fell in love. I was dumbfounded years later (1990’s) when a good friend of mine said he didn’t like Zinfandel because he only drank red wine; I didn’t know there were white and rose versions and their popularity. I prefer the heartier red versions and also Zinfandel blends with Rhone grape varietals we are starting to see from Paso Robles and other parts of California.  I chose to write about Sledgehammer’s Zinfandel because they knocked the ball out of the park from a quality to price prospective. The retail price on average in WA State is $15.49 but I can usually find it on sale somewhere nearby for $9-11 range. This is a wine that is similar in style to the Michael and David Phillips Winery stable (Earthquake Zinfandel; Freak Show Cabernet Sauvignon; Petite Petit; 6th Sense Syrah; Seven Deadly Zins to name a few.)  I have tried and enjoyed the previous three or four vintages. Some have been overpowering and hedonistic with generous amount of dark fruit aromas and flavors that can overwhelm consumers accustomed to Pinot Noir, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. There is a lot to grasp onto being a full bodied, high alcohol wine that’s marketed to manly men and rightfully so.   The 2011 vintage is slightly lighter overall and exhibited much more balance and depth and will appeal to a wider range of consumers. There are hints of both dark and light red fruit flavors and integrated tannins with cola and coffee notes in the finish. I tried pairing it with some of the winery’s suggestions and a nice assortment of cheeses and charcuterie in separate tastings. Grilled Rib-Eye, BBQ ribs and Italian Sausage based pasta in a marinara sauce were all spectacular with the Zinfandel. I also found the smoked versions of hard and soft cheese paired really, really well as did the savory deli meats.  From the winery: “Wine For Men Who Never Whine” “Wine That Plays a Little Harder”  It wasn’t that long ago when leaders of men would raise a glass of wine to celebrate the conquest of enemies, the reaping of the harvest, or the construction of cities. Men would acknowledge their accomplishments by toasting, laughing, and singing. They would eat heartily and drink wine liberally. Wine was the official drink of celebration.  Sometime in the last few hundred years, though, drinking wine (like many men) went soft. Now you have a generation of men in designer suits who fancy themselves connoisseurs of wine. They swirl, sniff, analyze, and wax poetically about top notes and tannins. Men went from celebrating good times with wine to celebrating the wine itself.  The Sledgehammer Man, in contrast, is a bit of a throwback. He has no interest in the rituals of wine idolatry. He reserves his words for a great toast, not a diatribe on the Bordeaux region. He drinks wine, never sips it. He demonstrates the virtues of men from a by-gone era – hard work, self-reliance, and chivalry – and he prizes the simple things in life: spending good times with close friends.  To accompany and enhance these good times, his drink of choice is Sledgehammer.  This wine is not elegant, delicate sipping wine that you’d find at your grandma’s bridge club. To the contrary, Sledgehammer Zinfandel is big, bold and spicy.  It pairs well with grilled meat and loud music.  Origin: Lake County, California  Meat Pairing: • Grilled T-Bone • BBQ Pork Ribs • Beef Brisket • Italian Sausage  When to enjoy: • Grilling meat over an open flame • During any game 7 • While playing Led Zeppelin • Sunday FundayThis is my second wine review for The Reverse Wine Snob. [See the first here.] It is an honor to write reviews for a blog that I enjoy and respect. I hope my reviews have been helpful to the Reverse Wine Snob’s followers and subscribers. Drink well and be merry!  -- Steve Kubota  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8."
15," BULK BUY!     Darn tasty Tempranillo for just ten bucks at Costco.   100% Tempranillo (Tinta de Toro) from Toro, Castilla y Leon, Spain.  Available for $9.89 at Costco. The price ending in "".89"" means that Costco was able to get a special deal on this item. (Find out more about the Costco pricing structure here.) I could only find two other retailers selling this wine on Wine-Searcher and both were priced significantly higher, at $14 and $24 respectively. Imported by Joint Ventures.  From the bottle: ""Produced from vines planted in 1985 growing in the Toro (Zone 2) wine region in clay and limestone soil at 700-750m (2,296-2,460 ft) elevation. Average temperature during the growing season: 16.3C (61,3F); annual rainfall: 400mm (15.7 in). Aged 6 months in French oak barrels.  13.5% Alcohol""The Toro wine region in north-western Spain is often overlooked, but if you are a fan of big red wines made from Tempranillo then this is definitely an area you want to check out. Much like Ribera del Duero the region has very hot summers and very cold winters, but the higher altitude and Duero River help to create an environment where Tempranillo can thrive. And boy are we glad it does!  Like many wines, the 2012 Compania de Vinedos Iberian Yaso Toro needs about an hour in the glass to really open up. Once it does youll find delightful aromas of black cherry, blackberries, violets, licorice, spice and everything nice. Theres also a hint of vanilla and chocolate. The wine tastes smooth, rich, dry and spicy with wonderful vanilla, chocolate, caramel and licorice notes and has a bit of a chalky texture. It ends dry with good length, lots of tart fruit and a nice balsamic edge. Yahoo, this is one darn tasty Tempranillo for just ten bucks!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8."
16," BULK BUY!     But savvy shoppers may want to look elsewhere to buy this wine.  80% Chenin Blanc from the Clarksburg appellation and 20% Viognier from Lodi, California.   Purchased for $12 at Trader Joes and available for as low as $10 elsewhere (including Costco).   From the bottle: ""Our distinctive blend marries the crisp, honeyed citrus fruit of Chenin Blanc (80%) with the plush body, soft floral and juicy peach notes of Viognier (20%) for a lush, versatile and delicious wine. Enjoy a glass on its own or try it alongside your favorite seafood or spicy dish.  12.5% Alcohol""Almost all the wines we review from Trader Joes are exclusive brands that cannot be purchased anywhere else. The reason is simple -- Trader Joes thrives on higher margin private label sales, and not just in wine. Its estimated that over 80% of the product they carry is private label. This, by the way, is totally unlike Costco which dominates by selling large quantities of mass market brands at extremely low margins.   The reason these private label products can still be a good deal is simply that Trader Joes is able to cut out any middlemen and demand super low prices directly from suppliers. On top of that theres also almost no marketing cost (a substantial part of what youre paying for in many products) since Trader Joes does virtually no advertising.   Widely available products, like todays wine, can be hit and miss at Trader Joes in terms of pricing. While they are often priced at least somewhat competitively they are rarely at the low end of the market. Such is the case with todays wine which can be found elsewhere for a couple dollars less. Nevertheless, its a wine that is often associated with Trader Joes and Im guessing they are probably the largest single seller of the 85,000 cases or so produced each year. (You can find more on the Trader Joes pricing model in this post from last years series.)  The 2013 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier begins with very pleasant aromas of grapefruit, melon and pear along with honeysuckle and other floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals loads of juicy succulent fruit of green apple, pear, lots of citrus and more tropical fruit. The wine also has a fabulous lively acidity and a nice mineral streak that leads into the fresh and tasty finish. This is a fantastic summertime sipper made for hot days on the patio! Also  try pairing it with spicy Asian food.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8."
17," BULK BUY!     A stunning cool climate Syrah from Chile.   95% Syrah and 5% Viognier from Limari Valley, Chile.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review. 650 cases imported by Vine Connections.   From the bottle: ""Nestled in the foothills of the majestic Andes Mountains, adjacent to the arid Atacama Desert, and a mere twelve miles from the Pacific Ocean lies the wondrous Limari Valley. My family came to Limari because of its cool, dry climate. If you come to visit, youll feel the cooling ocean winds which make it perfect for growing Syrah grapes.  - René Merino  14% Alcohol""If youve read The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time you know that were quite fond of Syrah. And one of the reasons we love this grape so much is that it can be so varied -- whether were talking about Northern Rhone, California, Australia (Shiraz), Washington, South Africa and even Argentina this variety expresses itself differently, yet almost always deliciously, in each.  Todays wine comes from the Limari Valley which is situated at the most narrow point of Chile at less than 60 miles wide. The country of Chile itself is a fascinating study in geography spanning almost 2,700 miles north to south and only slightly over 200 miles at its widest point. This situates the vast majority of the country in very close proximity to the Pacific Ocean. Add in the fact that 80% of the country is mountains and you begin to see why the Chile has quickly become a premier region on the wine map.  The 2012 Merino Syrah begins with simply luscious aromas of blackberry and other dark berries, violets and a little smoky spice. It really develops nicely with some air so dont be afraid to pop it open a few hours before you plan on serving it. The lusciousness continues when tasting with more delicious blackberry flavors along with black raspberry tinged with licorice, a little smoky spice and even a hint of mocha. Youll also find a wonderful smooth and silky texture with fine tannins. It ends long and dry with a spicy blackberry note and even a hint of a mineral streak that lingers for a very long time.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
18,
19," Five Favorite Montefalco Rosso under $20 including a BULK BUY!     Ill take my Sangiovese with Sagrantino please.   Montefalco Rosso? Sagrantino? Unfortunately these words dont mean much to the average wine drinker, but in todays post well try to show you why you should get to know them!  Montefalco is a special place in Umbria. Special for many reasons, but the one that concerns us today is the Sagrantino grape. This grape is only grown in the Montefalco area, and a unique grape it is with very low yields, extremely thick skins (and accordingly extremely high polyphenols), a very late ripening character, no known relationship to any other grape varieties in Italy and the ability to age quite gracefully, earning the nickname ""The Jewel of Umbria"".    Of course all of this comes with a high price tag, as we discovered in our Saturday Splurge review of the Arnaldo-Caprai Collepiano Sagrantino di Montefalco 2005. No worries however -- were not turning our back on our Reverse Wine Snob tendencies. Instead today were featuring a way to sample this wonder grape without leaving our price range: Montefalco Rosso.  Montefalco Rosso wines are required to contain 60-70% Sangiovese, 10-15% Sagrantino and 15-30% other varieties such as Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. You might be wondering (as we were) if only 10-15% Sagrantino can really make that much a difference but surprisingly it absolutely does. Unfortunately, even though there is about twice the amount of Montefalco Rosso produced as there is Montefalco Sagrantino they can still be quite hard to find in the United States. There are a few reasons for this, the main one being that most of the wine never makes it out of Umbria as it is consumed locally! In addition, in todays economy importers are reluctant to bring in new wines that consumers are unfamiliar with, which is a shame.  So today we are highlighting five wines that have at least some distribution in the United States. Though they may still be hard to find, we encourage you to seek these out and experience the magic of Sagrantino!   First up is the 2009 Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso, a blend of 60% Sangiovese, 25% Merlot and 15% Sagrantino from Montefalco, Umbria, Italy. Available for as low as $17. 55,000 bottles produced. Imported by Selected Estates of Europe. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Merlot grapes are hand-picked around the end of September and fermented  at controlled temperature into stainless steel tanks. The wine ages in wooden barrels for 8 months prior  to bottling and commercial release.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Azienda Agraria Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso smells of black cherry, spice, cola, licorice and dried herbs. These are some deep aromas, give your glass a good swirl to really enjoy them, and it gets even more expressive the more air it gets. Tasting reveals the perfect balance of tart dark fruit and oak along with a wonderful mouthfeel featuring soft yet grippy tannins. It ends dry with more luscious tart fruit that lingers for a long time. This is a really tasty wine that is super enjoyable to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 8."
20,"   A rather harsh and desolate land produces big, powerful wines.   As you may remember from my post on Oregon wine a couple weeks ago, I was lucky enough to be included in a sponsored media trip to New York by Snooth as part of their Peoples Voice Awards. That excellent seminar (Oregon Wine - Pinot Noir and Much Much More) was the first of many. Today I have another favorite from the weekend, this time on Ribera Del Duero, Spain. And, of course, this wouldnt be The Reverse Wine Snob if we didnt have some recommendations for you so below Ive also selected my three top values from this excellent region interspersed with some information about Ribera Del Duero!  Ribera Del Duero sits on the northern plateau of Iberian Peninsula and literally means ""banks of the Douro"", referring to the river that splits the region and supplies much needed water to the area. This is the same river that flows through Douro and Porto in Portugal, which makes you wonder if theres something magic in the water! The soil in the area is clay -- theres really no topsoil at all.   Perhaps the biggest challenge to growing grapes here is the lack of moisture in the winter. And what a winter it can be, hitting 10 below zero. Combine that with temperatures approaching 105F in the summer and you have one extreme climate. Despite the extreme temperatures, the area, which sits at about 2800 ft above sea level, offers that magical combination for grapes -- hot days and cool nights.    Ribera Del Duero Value Pick #1  Tastes like a lot more than $10!  Our first value pick is a wine that weve previously reviewed as part of our recent Costco Week series and offers the most extreme value in the tasting, especially when you consider that it can be had for just $10! The 2011 Bodegas Barco de Piedra Tempranillo is a 100% Tempranillo featuring deep, dark and rich fruit with a smooth, full texture. This is a great example of a lightly oaked Tempranillo that proves the wine can still be robust and powerful without spending a long time in barrels. It ends nicely with spicy mineral notes and more dark fruit that sticks around for a long time. Read the full review.  Ribera Del Duero produces Tempranillo almost exclusively. (The local name for the Tempranillo grape is Tinto Fino or Tinta Fina.) There is very little to no white white wine production although there is one white grape grown here called Albillo which is sometimes blended in very small quantities into the red wines. Speaking of the red wines, they must contain at least 75% Tempranillo, although most contain at least 90%. Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot usually make up the additional 10% but Garnacha, Malbec and the aforementioned Albillo occasionally show up.   The aging requirements for wine in Ribera Del Duero are the same as Rioja, with Crianza, Reserva and Gran Reserva designations. In other words much of the wine produced here is built to age, and that it does quite well.  Ribera Del Duero Value Pick #2  Heavenly.  Our second value pick is the 2009 Seleccion de Torres Celeste Crianza another 100% Tempranillo with an SRP of $28. (14.0% Alcohol; sample submitted for review.) Lucky for us, it can be had for around $17. The Celeste begins with a really lovely and expressive nose of dark fruit (blackberry, black cherry, black currant) as well as some vanilla. This medium to full-bodied wine wine tastes simply succulent with lots of juicy fruit and a smooth texture. Beware however that if you simply pop and pour this wine youre likely to be disappointed, but let it breathe and you will surely be rewarded. It also has some relatively big tannins that I loved. This is a wine you can easily cellar for few years and it will only get better. It finishes dry with tart, lip-smacking fruit flavors and good length. Heavenly!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 8."
21," BULK BUY!     A wine reminiscent of one of our very favorites.   75% Tempranillo,10% Garnacha and 15% Mazuelo from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Classic Wines.  From the winery: ""16 months in American and French oak casks of the Bordeaux type, with racking performed four times. Only released for sale when ready for drinking at its best.  Intense cherry red colour. Aromas of oak ageing with hints of spices. Strong attack, good backbone, full-flavoured, with well integrated long-lasting tannins. Long and persistent finish.  14.0% Alcohol""One of our favorite wines here at The Reverse Wine Snob was a $10 2007 Rioja Reserva that sat atop our previous Top 10 list for several months. Now that the 2007 Vina Eguia Rioja Reserva is no longer widely available we werent sure if wed ever find a replacement. Surprisingly we found one that is even older!   The 2006 Bodegas Ondarre Rioja Reserva begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, spice, vanilla and a hint of mint. The wine tastes smooth and balanced with wonderful earthy notes plus rich tart fruit. Theres also some great spice and pepper. Give it a couple hours decant to be at its best. On the dry, long finish rich fruit tinged with spice lingers deliciously. A shoo-in for our next Top 10 Reds list!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
22," BULK BUY!     Smooth, Smoky and Spicy  70% Garnacha, 20% Syrah and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon from Campo de Borja, Aragon, Spain.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $11. Purchased.  From the bottle: ""Borsao berola: A careful blending of 70% Garnacha, 20% Syrah and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon from mountain vineyards 550 to 700 metres above the sea gives this wine a deep red color with tones of pomegranate. The complex and full nose is a product of a perfect marriage of varietal character. The wine spends ten months in French and American oak barrels and a further fourteen months in the bottle. Full bodied, tightly structured with a pleasant and lingering finish. Best consumed at 68° F.  14.5% Alcohol""Garnacha, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways...  Theres this way: Evodia Old Vines Garnacha 2010 - A Simply Superb"
23,  
24,
25," BULK BUY!     A silky, smoky and spicy Costco find.   40% Barbera, 40% Nebbiolo and 20% Merlot from Langhe, Piedmont, Italy.  SRP of $16 and available for $11.99 at Costco. Imported by Heritage Wine Cellars.  From the winery: ""This is a rather sophisticated wine, obtained through a wine making process of well matured grapes. Aged in French barriques (oak casks) it acquires a touch of elegance, and it is left to rest for long periods in the bottle before being placed on the market. It is best served with meat dishes.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Stefano Farina Le Brume Langhe Rosso begins with a nice strong, complex aroma featuring black cherry, red cherry, smoky blackberry, spice and vanilla. This unique blend of Nebbiolo, Barbera and Merlot tastes delicious and complex and has soft tannins, good structure and nice acidity. Youll also find a silky smooth texture with lots of fruit flavors similar to the nose but with more vanilla and spice in the mouth. It ends with a bit of toasty oak on the dry, savory finish which resolves into lingering sweet berry, smoky and spicy notes. Fantastic and it was even better on day 2!  Want more Costco wine picks? Check out our Costco Week 2013 series as well as our recent Battle of the Bargain Napa Valley Meritage!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
26," BULK BUY!  Powerfully good Garnacha.   100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain.  Purchased for $11.99 at Costco.  From the bottle: ""Meticulously hand harvested clusters of fully matured Garnacha grapes were selected from only the finest hillside vineyards located 3,000 ft above sea level. These vineyards were planted in the last decades of the nineteenth and first decade of the twentieth centuries. Over a hundred years ago the local growers knew that the combination of poor gravelly slate soils, high altitudes, and arid conditions produced the best grapes. The wine, Atteca, produced today upholds these long held beliefs. Deep rich blackberry flavors persist on a long supple finish and are highlighted by the vibrant shimmering color.  15.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is another crazy good value from the Calatayud. And when I say crazy good, I mean crazy good. Weve covered a number of these wines in the $6-$12 range that are simply fantastic, drinking way beyond their price:  The Show Garnacha 2010 - No Circus Clowns Needed.  Los Dos Grenache + Syrah 2010 - Another Spanish Wonder Las Rocas Garnacha 2009 - Garnacha Love Evodia Old Vines Garnacha 2010 - A Simply Superb"
27,  
28,
29," BULK BUY!     We pit two Napa Valley Meritage available at Costco in a head to head match. Is Atlas Peak the difference?   The 2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 325 Atlas Peak Napa Valley Meritage and the 2010 Kirkland Signature Napa Valley Meritage face off!   Were huge fans of Meritage blends here at The Reverse Wine Snob. As you may remember from our recent Make Mine a Meritage series, a Meritage blend is basically a Bordeaux style blend that is not from Bordeaux. The Meritage Alliance began in California when a number of wineries got together to create the term and now encompasses a number of different countries.  Were also huge fans of saving money and both the Cameron Hughes and Kirkland Signature wines specialize in delivering great wines at surprisingly low prices. You can find out more about the Cameron Hughes model here and the Costco model here.  And so when we walked into our local Costco the other day and saw both of these Napa Valley Meritage blends staring at us for under $12, we knew we had to give them a try. Both wines rely on Merlot for the base of the blend, but the Cameron Hughes turns to Cabernet Franc while the Kirkland Signature goes with good old Cabernet Sauvignon. The other big difference is that while both wines are from Napa Valley, the Cameron Hughes comes from Atlas Peak. Read on to find out why that could be important.  First up is the 2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 325 Atlas Peak Napa Valley Meritage, a blend of 64% Merlot, 24% Cabernet Franc, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 2% Petit Verdot from Atlas Peak, Napa Valley, California. 5,000 cases produced. Purchased for $11.99 at Costco.   From the bottle: ""Cameron Hughes is an international négociant, sourcing and producing small lots of high quality wine from the worlds best regions. Cameron offers a diverse range of wines uniquely represented by the Lot number on this label.  On the nose, pretty raspberry notes dance upon a wild and loamy black fruit core. Subtle notes of exotic spice. Gracefully refined tannins infused with pretty red fruit flavors that linger endlessly on the palate.  13.7% Alcohol""Atlas Peak is one of the highest elevation areas within Napa Valley. It features volcanic soil, lots of sunlight (it sits above the fog line) and the big temperature variations between day and night that grapes love. Talk about exclusive, this area represents only a third of a percent of all acreage planted in Napa Valley. So just what kind of wine do grapes from this area produce?  The 2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 325 Atlas Peak Napa Valley Meritage begins with aromas of delicious dark fruit, lots of oaky spice and a little vanilla and chocolate with a hint of spearmint. The wine tastes fantastic and features loads of juicy fruit like plum, blackberry and black cherry. Youll also find a dry texture with lovely spice notes that flow all the way through to the long finish. A really delicious wine with wonderful depth of flavor!  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
30," BULK BUY!     Crozes-Hermitage at half the price thanks to Cameron Hughes and Costco.   Syrah from Crozes-Hermitage, Cotes du Rhone, France.  SRP of $20 and available for just $10.99 at Costco. 2,400 cases produced.   From the bottle: ""Cameron Hughes is an international négociant, sourcing and producing small lots of high quality wine from the worlds best regions. Cameron offers a diverse range of wines uniquely represented by the Lot number on this label.  Lot 354 is ripe and concentrated with notes of black cherry, plum paste and violet. Rose petals and fresh woodland berries contrast the monumental texture. Outstanding.  13.5% Alcohol""Crozes-Hermitage is located in the Northern Rhone Valley in France. The region is known for their excellent Syrah based wines and while not as prestigious as the Hermitage appellation which it surrounds, the wines often demand a premium. To find a bottle of this quality for $11 is quite the find, which means this inventory will get snapped up fast. In other words, you better move quickly if you want to try this one.  The 2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 354 Crozes-Hermitage begins with very pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, a really nice earthy streak, a little spice and pepper. Tasting delights with tons of delicious dark ripe fruit infused with lovely pepper and spice. The earthy notes from the nose also carryover in this beautifully balanced wine. Even better, the whole thing is enveloped in a wonderful deep, dense and chewy texture. It finishes quite long. Sure to move fast, so get it while you can!  Available at some Costco locations or see a listing of other local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
31," BULK BUY!     Yes its 100% Merlot and yes its delicious.   100% Merlot from Umbria, Italy.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Bodegas Franco-Espanolas Rioja Bordon Gran Reserva 2004 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   SRP of $18 and available for as low as $12. 150,000 bottles produced. Imported by Winebow.   From the bottle: ""Falesco wines mirror my philosophy of striking a balance between traditional and contemporary wine making styles. The picturesque setting and exposure of the hillside Umbrian vineyards, with perfectly draining volcanic soil, provide ideal ripening conditions. Falesco Merlot (100%) is rich in color and texture with dark fruit aromas that follow through to a silky, soft palate with spicy notes and a well balanced, lingering finish. It is a perfect accompaniment to lamb, red meats, grilled or with sauces, hearty pasta dishes and aged cheeses. -- Riccardo Cotarella, winemaker.  13.5% Alcohol""The effect of the movie Sideways on Merlot sales has been well noted, but now, 10 years later can we finally get past the stigma? Not all Merlot is great, but some of it can be absolutely delicious and Im here to tell you theres absolutely no reason you shouldnt be drinking it. Take for example these beauties:  Chateau Des Landes Lussac-Saint-Emilion 2010 - More Marvelous Merlot From Bordeaux. Emiliana Natura Merlot 2011 - Naturally Good. Chateau La Fleur Morange Mathilde 2010 - Merlot With Moxie. Wild Horse Central Coast Merlot 2010 - Wildly Good. Today were featuring another excellent Merlot, this time from Italy. The 2010 Falesco Merlot Umbria begins with very pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, vanilla, violets, black pepper and spice. It needs a couple hours to open up but then it really shines showing silky, juicy black cherry flavors, wonderful spice, black pepper notes and hints of tobacco. This is a really well structured wine with good acidity. It ends with a long finish featuring mouth-drying tannins and more delicious dark fruit. Yes its 100% Merlot and yes its delicious. Just drink it!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
32," BULK BUY!     A delicious dry red blend from California.   36% Syrah, 34% Zinfandel, 19% Merlot, 4% Cabernet Franc, 4% Petite Sirah and 3% other varieties from California (55% Mendocino County, 32% Sonoma County, 7% Santa Barbara/Monterey/San Luis Obispo Counties and 6% Napa County).  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $12. 50,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Family Owned. Artisan Quality. Inspired by Bordeaux-style wines, Summation blends classic red varietals into a beautifully layered, complex whole. Smoother than Cabernet Sauvignon, richer then Merlot, more balanced than Zinfandel, this red wine blend offers intriguing flavors and aromas: roasted coffee, dark chocolate, pomegranate and black cherry intertwine to offer a multi-layered mouthfeel and sumptuous texture.   13.5% Alcohol""""California Red Blend"" is a bit of a loaded term these days in that there have become at least two distinct styles in the under $20 market: the traditional dry blends (Meritage and Rhone style blends for example), and the bordering on sweet red blends that have become so popular (think Apothic Red, Gnarly Head and Cocobon). Most people tend to be fans of one or the other. And while I appreciate both styles, my personal taste is much more on the traditional dry side which means todays wine is right up my alley.   The 2010 Kendall-Jackson Vintners Reserve Summation Red Blend begins with a very pleasant and complex nose of blackberry, black cherry, plum, and spice along with secondary notes of anise, mint and vanilla. The wine tastes delicious with flavors of plum, black cherry, licorice and a little oak. Theres even a bit of a zesty mineral streak on this medium-bodied wine. Excellent spice notes flow into the long, smooth, dry, finish. A tasty, complex and easy to drink wine thats even better on day 2!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
33," BULK BUY!     We pit two Napa Valley Meritage available at Costco in a head to head match. Is Atlas Peak the difference?   The 2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 325 Atlas Peak Napa Valley Meritage and the 2010 Kirkland Signature Napa Valley Meritage face off!   Were huge fans of Meritage blends here at The Reverse Wine Snob. As you may remember from our recent Make Mine a Meritage series, a Meritage blend is basically a Bordeaux style blend that is not from Bordeaux. The Meritage Alliance began in California when a number of wineries got together to create the term and now encompasses a number of different countries.  Were also huge fans of saving money and both the Cameron Hughes and Kirkland Signature wines specialize in delivering great wines at surprisingly low prices. You can find out more about the Cameron Hughes model here and the Costco model here.  And so when we walked into our local Costco the other day and saw both of these Napa Valley Meritage blends staring at us for under $12, we knew we had to give them a try. Both wines rely on Merlot for the base of the blend, but the Cameron Hughes turns to Cabernet Franc while the Kirkland Signature goes with good old Cabernet Sauvignon. The other big difference is that while both wines are from Napa Valley, the Cameron Hughes comes from Atlas Peak. Read on to find out why that could be important.  First up is the 2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 325 Atlas Peak Napa Valley Meritage, a blend of 64% Merlot, 24% Cabernet Franc, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 2% Petit Verdot from Atlas Peak, Napa Valley, California. 5,000 cases produced. Purchased for $11.99 at Costco.   From the bottle: ""Cameron Hughes is an international négociant, sourcing and producing small lots of high quality wine from the worlds best regions. Cameron offers a diverse range of wines uniquely represented by the Lot number on this label.  On the nose, pretty raspberry notes dance upon a wild and loamy black fruit core. Subtle notes of exotic spice. Gracefully refined tannins infused with pretty red fruit flavors that linger endlessly on the palate.  13.7% Alcohol""Atlas Peak is one of the highest elevation areas within Napa Valley. It features volcanic soil, lots of sunlight (it sits above the fog line) and the big temperature variations between day and night that grapes love. Talk about exclusive, this area represents only a third of a percent of all acreage planted in Napa Valley. So just what kind of wine do grapes from this area produce?  The 2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 325 Atlas Peak Napa Valley Meritage begins with aromas of delicious dark fruit, lots of oaky spice and a little vanilla and chocolate with a hint of spearmint. The wine tastes fantastic and features loads of juicy fruit like plum, blackberry and black cherry. Youll also find a dry texture with lovely spice notes that flow all the way through to the long finish. A really delicious wine with wonderful depth of flavor!  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
34," BULK BUY!     Its actually only 76% Zinfandel, but who cares, its delicious!  76% Zinfandel, 23% Petite Sirah and 1% Carignan from Napa Valley (44%), Oakville (27%), St. Helena (23%) and Sonoma County (6%), California.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""For over 30 years, wine connoisseurs have trusted Ravenswood to deliver bold, classically crafted wines of exceptional quality and soul. Our Napa Valley wine showcases one of the finest wine-growing regions in California. This mouth filling Napa Valley Old Vine Zinfandel boasts bright raspberry and plum fruit with hints of vanilla, sassafras, clove and cardamom.  14.5% Alcohol""Today we have a wine that while technically meets the requirement to be labeled a Zinfandel at 76% (75% is the minimum), its hard to really think of it as such because 24% is not Zinfandel. Luckily for us almost all of that 24% is Petite Sirah, a seriously delicious variety, and this blend results in a bold fruity wine that really hit me right.  The 2010 Ravenswood Napa Valley Old Vine Zinfandel begins with a wonderful strong aroma of spicy black cherry cola and a little vanilla. The wonderfulness continues when tasting this delicious, full-bodied, almost hedonistic wine. Blackberry, black cherry, raspberry and lots of warm spice combine with silky tannins to make your mouth go yum. The finish is very long and dry and features sweet, never-ending blackberry, lots of spice and a hint of chocolate. While this is definitely a bold wine, it is not totally overblown like a lot of Zins can be these days."
35," The words ""Italian wine"" no doubt conjure images of iconic wines like Barolo, Brunello, Chianti and so forth, and rightly so. However, as temperatures (slowly) climb and summer approaches, the best thing coming out of Italy may well be the rich, mineral soaked, delicious white wines made from all sorts of grapes you simply wont find anywhere else. Dont let the unknown names deter you -- there is great delight to be had in all these indigenous varieties, which is exactly what we found in New York at the Snooth Peoples Voice Awards Wine Writers Seminar on the white wines of Italy.     Finding delight in indigenous Italian whites!   Today we have our third report from this series of seminars which was part of our recent sponsored media trip to NYC. The other installments weve covered include: Oregon Wine - Pinot Noir and Much Much More Plus the 2012 Willamette Valley Vineyard Whole Cluster Pinot Noir  Reveling in the Wine of Ribera Del Duero Plus 3 Top Value Picks From This Region  Gruner Love Featuring the Stadlmann Gruner Veltliner 2011  And so today we turn to these excellent Italian whites and as is our custom, Ive also included reviews of two of my favorites under $20, which just so happen to both be"
36,"  100% Pinot Noir from California.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Hahn Winery for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Hahn Winery began in 1980 through the vision of Nicky Gaby Hahn. Still family owned and operated, the Monterey County winery has been producing wine for over 30 years. The Hahns children, Philip and Caroline, share their parents pioneering spirit and passion for wine. As the next generation of leadership, they represent the familys continuing commitment to high quality, handcrafted wines.  14.5% Alcohol""Excellent Pinot Noir under $20 is a tough nut to crack. We discovered some nice ones in our Hunt for the Best Pinot Noir Under $20 series, which featured a number of Recommended Buys; however, we failed to find one worthy of our highest recommendation -- the"
37," BULK BUY!     Another excellent and affordable example of our favorite variety.   100% Syrah from Santa Barbara County, California.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $12. 16,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Family Owned. Artisan Quality. The grapes for our Syrah are Jackson Estates Grown, coming from vineyards located on hillsides and ridges along the cool Santa Barbara coast. Aged in a combination of small French and American oak barrels, this wine has a lovely oak spice accent with dominant flavors of pomegranate and black currant.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Kendall-Jackson Vintners Reserve Syrah begins with a wonderful smoky, leathery, blackberry aroma filled with nice touches of spice and cola. The wine tastes super smooth with blackberry, plum and black cherry fruit along with tasty streaks of smoked meat, cola, licorice and black pepper. Full-bodied and balanced, it ends dry and somewhat tannic with more juicy dark fruit plus dark chocolate and toasty oak on the long finish. An excellent Syrah at a fantastic price.  Also check out our review of the"
38," BULK BUY!     Before Malbec made it big in Argentina, it thrived in France.   100% Malbec from Pays dOc AOP, Languedoc, France.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Esprit Du Vin French Wine Merchants/Palm Bay.   From the bottle: ""Paul Mas Estate Single Vineyard Collection wines come from Jean-Claude Mass vineyards in the Languedoc region in the South of France.  Gardemiel (which means the place where the honey is kept) is located at 200 km from Cahors, historical birthplace of Malbec grape variety, and 12 000 km from Argentina, where it became the icon grape of the country. In our picturesque vineyard, at the foothills of the Pyrenees mountains, our malbec has a unique profile, with its dark colour, its nice acidity combined with softness, its ripe berry flavours and liquorice notes. This is pure French appeal!  13.5% Alcohol""While today Malbec is used mostly as a blend component in France, it used to be grown all over the country. It lost popularity with many grape growers in 1956 when a seriously bad frost killed off up to 75% of the plantings in some areas. Argentina is of course the new Malbec king, but dont write off France too quickly. In the areas where it is still made into a single varietal wine there are some absolute gems like todays recommendation.  The 2011 Paul Mas Estate Single Vineyard Collection Gardemiel Vineyard Malbec begins with a tantalizing and complex aroma of black cherry, red licorice, juniper, plum, prune and dried herbs. The wine tastes smooth and delicious with lots of rich tart fruit along with great balance and structure. This is a fantastic bottle of wine for around $12 and shows a great counterpoint to Argentinean Malbec with tons of complexity and depth. A succulent dried herb component along with some nice earthy notes lead into the long finish. Excellent!  Also check out our review of the Chateau Paul Mas Clos des Mures 2011 - So Good They Built A Wall Around The Vineyard.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
39,
40," BULK BUY!     Crisp, balanced and very quaffable.   A blend of Pinot Blanc and Pinot Auxerrois from Alsace, France.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $12. Imported by Esprit Du Vin (Palm Bay International). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Since 1626, Maison F.E. Trimbach has crafted wines of precision and focus from the classic terroirs of Alsace. Trimbach Pinot Blanc has lovely soft, subtle fruit aromas and friendly flavors. This dry wine is perfect with seafood, salads, fish, any light meal or on its own.  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine has a fabulous pedigree as far as were concerned. First off, it comes from Alsace -- a region that can even make Pinot Grigio tastes fabulous. Second, it comes from a variety that we dont think gets its due, Pinot Blanc. And third it comes from one of our favorite producers in Alsace, Trimbach, who also make a fantastic Riesling that is a perennial top 5 selection on our list of Top 10 White Wines Under $20.  The 2011 Trimbach Pinot Blanc begins with lovely white peach and floral aromas as well as a touch of spice. Tasting the wine reveals delicious apple, pear and apricot flavors along with wonderful acidity and a smooth and lively texture. Crisp, balanced and very quaffable this is a fantastic summer wine that will pair excellently with lots of warm weather foods like chicken, fish, salads and more. It ends dry and long with a little stone minerality at the very end. A summertime superstar!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
41,
42," BULK BUY!     Savory, oaky Napa Valley goodness.   80% Cabernet Sauvignon, 16% Merlot and 4% Cabernet Franc from the Rutherford AVA, Atlas Peak AVA, Chiles Valley District and Coombsville AVA in Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Avalon Winery celebrates Cabernet Sauvignon. This wine expresses the finesse, strength and elegance for which Napa Valley is known. Grapes selected from vineyards in top appellations including Rutherford, Oakville and Howell Mountain were aged for a minimum of twelve months in French and American oak.  13.9% Alcohol""The 2012 Avalon Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, strawberry and other ripe red fruits, oak, and even a little tomato plant plus hints of vanilla and graham cracker. Tasting reveals savory, oaky Napa Valley goodness. Juicy plums, more black cherry, a little cranberry and those touches of vanilla and tomato plant from the nose are wrapped up in a smooth, silky texture. This wine spent a total of 16 months in a combination of French and American oak -- when you factor that in plus the ridiculous cost of Cabernet grapes from Napa Valley its hard to believe you can buy it for as low as $12. It ends with a dusty, mouth-drying finish filled with lingering fruit, hints of spice and more vanilla.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
43," BULK BUY!     Our latest Pinot Noir For The 99.   Pinot Noir from Russian River Valley, California.  SRP of $18 and available for around $12. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""Cameron Hughes is an international négociant, sourcing and producing small lots of high quality wine from the worlds best regions. Cameron offers a diverse range of wines uniquely represented by the Lot number on this label.  Lively and inviting aromas of fresh raspberry, cherry and spice around a dark and earthy core of forest floor, black fruits and wet stone. Juicy texture is supported by broad sweeping tannins.  14.2% Alcohol""The 2012 Cameron Hughes Lot 395 Russian River Valley Pinot Noir begins with aromas of strawberry, cherry, spice, earth and a little leather. The wine needs a couple of hours to open up but when it does it is very nice and very Pinot Noir. Tasting reveals lots of juicy black cherry and raspberry that is pleasantly tinged with oak and spice. Smooth with soft tannins, this light to medium-bodied wine features great balance and is very easy to drink. The finish is excellent and has good length. The wine was just as good on day 2. This is a great value -- especially for a Russian River Valley Pinot Noir!   Also check out these other recent reviews of wines from Cameron Hughes: Cameron Hughes Lot 339 California Field Blend 2010 - Every Day Cameron Hughes Lot 374 Maremma Toscana 2007 - The Definition of Luscious Battle of The Bargain Napa Valley Meritage - Cameron Hughes Lot 325 vs Kirkland Signature  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
44," BULK BUY!     The wines of Slovenia are on the rise.   70% Sauvignon Blanc and 30% Pinot Grigio from Stajerska, Slovenia.  Available for around $12. Distribution is currently limited, but will be increasing. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Handpicked between 30-8 and 9-9.  In the hills around the village of Jeruzalem in Eastern Slovenia lies a unique, small winegrowing region. Here, all our grapes are still handpicked to create an interesting blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Pinot Grigio. A fruity, accessible wine with aromas of passion fruit and lemon underscored by a surprising pepperiness. A long, fresh, aftertaste that goes very well with meat dishes, salads and especially asparagus.  12.5% Alcohol""Back in September of last year we had the opportunity to discover the wines of Slovenia live and in person. (See the recap of that trip here.) And while the majority of the wines we tasted are not yet available in the U.S., today we are featuring one of our very favorites that is starting to get distribution stateside.    The 2012 puklavec & friends Sauvignon Blanc & Pinot Grigio begins with pretty typical Sauvignon Blanc aromas of lemongrass, tropical fruit and citrus but its when tasting that the Pinot Grigio makes its presence known. The wine tastes wonderfully drinkable combining the best of both varieties with the Pinot Grigio adding a level of fruitiness that is really pleasing. Frankly Im surprised we dont see this blend more often because its really delightful. The best part; however, is the wonderful finish which features lingering lemon and guava spiked with a fantastic spicy pepper streak. I love it!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 8."
45,   Our first
46,  
47," BULK BUY!      This wine is only $6?? You gotta be kidding me!  85% Grenache and 15% Syrah from Campo de Borja, Aragon, Spain.  SRP of $8 and available for as low as $6. Sample received for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The soft, berry flavors of old-vine Grenache (85%) meets the depth and complexity of Syrah (15%) in this full and friendly wine from the Campo de Borja DO in Northeastern Spain. Located between the Sierra de Moncayo mountain range and the Ebro River valley, this historic region has produced wine since the late 12th century. The continental climate is mitigated by the ""cierzo"" wind that cools the vineyards nightly. Los Doss round, fruit-forward palate of cherries and blackberries and carries through to a refined, lengthy finish. Los Dos pairs perfectly with casual fare, such as pizza, hamburgers, and ribs.   14.0% Alcohol""As you may have noticed, Spain is taking over our Top 10 Reds list with amazing wines that sell for under $10. Today we have another perfect example, this time from Aragon, Spain which is just to the west of such renowned wine producing regions as Rioja, Castilla y Leon and Navarra and also very close to Calatayud. Needless to say, it certainly sounds like a very promising area!   The name of todays wine, Los Dos, means both -- thus both Grenache and Syrah which just so happen to be two of my very favorite grapes! However, it isnt as easy as just slapping these two grapes together, the execution has to be there to create a truly tasty wine. Lets see if todays selection can continue the winning streak for Spain.  The 2010 Los Dos Grenache + Syrah begins with lovely aromas of blackberry, blueberry and plum fruit, pepper and some deep floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth and silky wine that is easy to drink but also layered with juicy and savory fruit, excellent tannins and a bit of pepper and spice. It quite simply tastes wonderful and has excellent balance. This one will pair with lots of everyday foods and would even be a great option for Thanksgiving dinner. It ends with a  fantastic, long finish with more savory fruit flavors and a nice peppery burst of spice. An awesome wine and another Spanish wonder!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 8."
48," $5 a bottle?? BULK BUY! Plus how to get the best deal at Naked Wines.  Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     An epic deal.   64% Grenache, 20% Syrah and 16% Mourvèdre from Central Coast, California.  SRP of $17.99 and available to NakedWines.com Angels for $10.49. Even better, new Naked Wines customers can combine it with the deal below and get it for as low as $5.49 a bottle! (Yes, you read that right. See below for details.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Life is indeed short. Perhaps it is for this reason that communication between human beings can at times be a bit terse, indeed even runic-slash-cryptic. (Tick, tock, etc.) Hence (G)renache, (S)yrah, (M)ourvèdre. This is, for example, how many Antipodeans signify, telegraph, as twere, the presence of the three salient Rhodanien style grape varieties in their wine, all members of the (g)anz (s)hayna (m)ishpuche, vitaceously speaking, one big happy family. For these grapes truly love each other, put up with each others kvetches and shortcoming, support each other through thick-and-etc. GSM is a bit of a (G)e(m)i(s)ch, but then arent we all. That is the (m)e(s)sa(g)e in this particular bottle.  14.6% Alcohol""We love the wine that Randall Grahm is making at Bonny Doon Vineyard. So much so that weve recommended tons of them in the past, everything from Syrah to an unbelievably good Rosé, to Nebbiolo, to Albarino, to Grenache, to GSM blends like we have today. And while weve loved these wines dearly, weve never seen a price on them as low as $10.49.   Todays wine clearly shows one of the advantages of the Naked Wines model for consumers: By cutting out middlemen they are able to offer lower prices. Too see just how low, keep reading...  The 2012 Bonny Doon Vineyard Grenache Syrah Mourvedre (GSM) begins with a very pleasant, very aromatic nose -- its one of the things I like best about Randall Grahms wines. Black cherry, strawberry and hints of anise and black olives all present themselves nicely. Tasting reveals a savory wine with juicy black cherry and plum fruit, wonderfully integrated peppery spice and some nice dried herbal notes. This wine is very smooth and very fun to watch evolve over the course of a couple hours in the glass. It ends dry with good length, more juicy fruit, black pepper and spice. Excellent.  As you can tell, once we tasted it we were even more excited about this wine at only $10.49. (So much so that I almost felt like I was stealing while I was drinking it.) But then we realized we could get the price down even further by taking advantage of the special $100 voucher that Naked Wines has made available to readers of The Reverse Wine Snob and even more so by first becoming an Angel. So here my friends is how to get this truly epic deal.  METHOD 1: Price per bottle of $5.49 by first becoming a Naked Wines Angel.   Total expenditure of $98.81 for 18 bottles. This method uses the $100 sign-up voucher below and the deeply discounted Angel price. This is for new customers of Naked Wines only.  1) Click here or on the voucher below and sign up. New customers only. 2) Click the Angel Tab at the top of the page. 3) Sign up to be an Angel which gives you access to the Angel prices. This requires a commitment of $40 per month funding into your Angel account which you can use to buy wine or can be canceled and completely refunded. (To find out more about how the Angel funding works see this post.) 4) Search for Bonny Doon. 5) Select Bonny Doon Vineyard GSM 2012. 6) Add 18 bottles to your basket. (You must ship either 6, 12, 15, or 18+ bottles at a time.) 7) These bottles will go in at the Angel price of $10.49 which gives a total of $188.82, enough to qualify for the $100 voucher (a $160 purchase is required).  8) The cost after the voucher is then $88.82 plus $9.99 in delivery charges or $98.81.  This gives a final price of $5.49 per bottle which is 71% less than the normal price and an astounding 48% less than the already low Angel price!   You could also swap out a few bottles of this wine for a slightly more expensive wine so you end up with 15 bottles -- you just have to reach $160 before the voucher to use the $100 off.   This method will work with any of the wines they sell, so feel free to add some other wines to the mix if you like, just be sure to have $160 in your cart so that you trigger the voucher. To make your shopping a little easier, here are some of our other recent recommended picks: F. Stephen Millier Angels Reserve Zinfandel 2012 - Another Classic Lodi Zin JC Van Staden Petite Sirah 2012 - Value, Value, Value Arabella Shiraz 2013 - An Easy Keeper Jacqueline Bahue Cabernet Franc 2012 - Another Reason To Get Naked Montaria 2012 - Exceedingly Drinkable. BULK BUY! Jim Olsen Fair Angel 2012 - Fairly Delicious  If you prefer not to become an Angel (even though theres really no risk) you can still take part in this great deal, albeit at a higher cost per bottle.   METHOD 2: Price per bottle of $9.66 Total expenditure of $115.88 for 12 bottles.  This method uses the $100 sign-up voucher  for new customers and free delivery on orders over $100 but theres no Angel commitment necessary.   1) Click here or on the voucher below and sign up. New customers only.  2) Search for Bonny Doon. 3) Select Bonny Doon Vineyard GSM 2012. 4) Add 12 bottles to your basket.  5) These bottles will go in at the normal price of $17.99 which gives a total of $215.88, enough to qualify for the $100 voucher (a $160 purchase is required).  6) After the voucher your cost will be $115.88 plus free shipping since your order totals over $100. This gives a final price of $9.66 per bottle which is 46% less than the normal price and even 8% below the Angel price.    Both methods will of course work with any of our recommended picks from Naked Wines, so dont feel constrained to just this wine, although it would be hard to go wrong with 18 bottles of this beauty at these prices! Happy shopping!   Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
49," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     The 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc, the 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon, the 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc and the 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc.   Sauvignon Blanc is one of the most popular white varieties and accordingly is found in vineyards in many different countries. Originally from Western France, this easy to grow and adaptable grape is actually a parent to Cabernet Sauvignon. Its also one of our favorite white varieties for the dog days of summer.   And while Sauvignon Blanc presents one of the more recognizable flavor profiles in the wine world, it can still vary quite a bit by region. Today we visit four of these regions to sample this grape and uncover some great deals from NakedWines.com on this wonderfully refreshing wine for summer!   First up is the 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand. It has an SRP of $26.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $11.99. Or new customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $7 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Lay of the Land wines have been a long time coming. After 10 years as head winemaker with a leading Marlborough winery, the beautiful Angels and our wonderfully dedicated farming friends have combined with to bring this long dreamt of project to your wine glasses. It is still hard to believe its really happening - thanks to all of you Angels!  2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc is born from the best growing seasons in recent memory. A cool and late growing season combined with an extended Indian Summer allowing grapes to develop incredible flavour intensity. Sweet and sour citrus combine with ripe juicy acidity to frame a wine bursting with pure fruit intensity. Look forward to hearing from you.   13% Alcohol""The 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc begins with with the typical (and delightful) New Zealand grass and gooseberry aromas along with a nice bit of citrus. The same flavors from the nose carry over when tasting with the citrus focusing in on orange and a whole lot of grassiness and gooseberry coming out mid-palate and leading into the long finish. A very well done example of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next is the 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc from the North Coast of California. It has an SRP of $22.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $12.99. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $8 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Based on the popularity of Rachis, the Angels requested an increase in production and they again funded the whole thing! A big thank you to my Archangels, Angels, and all of my Drinking Buddies at NakedWines.com. Without your energetic support and kind words this would not have been possible. I feel very fortunate to be involved with all of you.""The 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc leans more toward the citrusy side with hints of honeysuckle to go along with some light tropical fruit and grassy notes. Clean, crisp and tasty in the mouth, this easy to drink wine showcases lots of honeyed and tangy citrus (tangerine, lemon) and tropical fruit (grapefruit and pineapple). It ends very long and refreshing.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon, a blend of 80% Sauvignon Blanc and 20% Semillon from Margaret River, Australia. It has an SRP of $21.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $12.99. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $8 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Wow, thank you Nakedwines.com Angels! From the moment I entered the wine industry, I have dreamed of the opportunity to make my own wines. With your support, this dream is now a reality and I couldnt be more thankful. I truly value your feedback so please drop me a line and let me know how Im doing. Thanks again!  12.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon adds in 20% Semillon, a very popular combination in France and Australia. The wine begins with pleasant aromas of grass, tropical fruit and citrus. It tastes a bit grassier in the mouth than on the nose but a nice mix of citrus and tropical fruit still predominate in this smooth wine with excellent mouthfeel. The excellent and very long finish is full of tart fruit.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy    BULK BUY!  And last (but not least) is the 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc from Loire Valley, France. It has an SRP of $25.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $11.49. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $6 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The historic Loire Valley is the home of the Sauvignon Blanc grape. Villebois, situated in the very heart of this royal valley, produces this delicious, dry wine combining elegance and crispness with the fruitiness of gooseberries and exotic fruits. To be enjoyed with goat cheese, oysters, and fish. Serving temperature: 48-52F.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc begins with very pleasant aromas of tropical fruit, lemon, lime and a touch of grassiness. The wine tastes crisp and is full of very flavorful tropical fruit and citrus thats a bit creamy in the mouth. This is really a fantastically refreshing wine with good complexity and balance. (Dont drink it too cold or youll lose some of that complexity.) It ends with very good length and lots of lingering tart grapefruit and lemongrass. This bottle will go quickly on a hot day!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 8."
50, The first selection in our series on boxed wine!     A True
51," BULK BUY!     The little frog in the big box that will have you jumping for joy.   100% Picpoul from Languedoc, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. Imported by Kysela Pere et Fils.   SRP of $34 and available for as low as $24.   From the bottle: ""Crisp and fruit drive, this dry white wine goes well with fish, chicken or pasta dishes.   12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from a little known white variety from Southern France called Picpoul (pronounced peek-pool). Named for its high acidity, it translates to ""stings the lip"". Typically a dry wine, this particular example also sees no oak so the true characteristics of the grape really shine through. A great wine for seafood and lighter fare it plays a similar role in Southern France as Albarino does in Spain.  The 2013 La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet begins with very pleasant aromas of green apple, pear, lemon, lime, a little nectarine and honeysuckle. Tasting the wine reveals it is true to its name with great acidity. The wine is light to medium-bodied but full of flavor with deep, rich, tart fruit like zesty citrus, peach and more nectarine and lemon/lime notes. It ends crisply with a dry mouthwatering finish. At only $24 for a box (the equivalent of $6 a bottle), this little frog will have you jumping for joy!  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here. ​ See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 8."
52," BULK BUY!     A beauty of a box from Bodegas Borsao.   100% Garnacha from Campo de Borja, Aragon, Spain.  Available for around $20. Bottles sell for around $6-$7, so this 3L box (4 bottle equivalent) at only $20 is a great deal on an already inexpensive wine. Sample submitted for review.  From the box: ""From the heart of Aragon, birthplace of Garnacha, comes Vina Borgia. The wine is a perfect example of the varietal characteristics: dark cherries and blueberries mingle on the palate and are accented by light peppery notes. Fresh bright flavors are balanced by a fine structure and long finish. The wine is meticulously crafted for your immediate enjoyment.  14% Alcohol""Bodegas Borsao, the maker of todays wine, is one of our very favorite producers of one of our very favorite value varieties -- Spanish Garnacha. In fact, I dont believe weve reviewed a Bodegas Borsao wine that we didnt rate a"
53," BULK BUY!      This box deserves a permanent position on your counter.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Chateau Gillet Bordeaux 2011 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   A blend of Grenache, Syrah, Carignan and Cinsault from Cotes du Ventoux, Rhone, France.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $20. Produced by Perrin et Fils and imported by Vineyard Brands.   From the winery: ""Since 1970, La Vieille Ferme has been producing authentic, honest and tasty wines vintage after vintage. In some of the world’s best restaurants and bars, La Vieille Ferme has been acknowledged as one of the best value for money wines in the world.  The Perrin family, also owners of the famous Château de Beaucastel, search for the most suitable terroirs to produce a fresh and fruity wine. Unpretentious, this is the archetypal pleasure wine; authentic, genuine and tasty.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays box comes from Cotes du Ventoux, which is in the Rhone in France but is a separate appellation from Cotes du Rhone. Nevertheless the wine made here is very similar to those of the southern Rhone and thats a very good thing. One of the few boxes in this series that we actually completely finished, this was one of our go-to wines for those nights when every other box we opened just didnt measure up.  The La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge begins with very pleasant aromas of black cherry, plum and a little lavender along with nice touches of dried herbs, spice and even a hint of an earthy note. Tasting reveals a supremely satisfying, well-rounded, medium-bodied wine filled with juicy fruit, good acidity and some more of those dried herbs and spice notes from the nose. Theres absolutely nothing not to like here (especially at this price) and, in fact, a whole lot to love. It ends dry and grippy with good length, lingering fruit and dried herbs. Excellent!  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 8."
54," BULK BUY!     A Sangiovese lovers dream.  100% Sangiovese from Chianti, Italy.  SRP of $36 with an average price on Wine-Searcher of $32. 797 cases produced. Imported by Majestic Imports. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Tenuta Di Arceno Strada al Sasso Chianti Classico Riserva 2007 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   From the bottle: ""Tenuta Di Arceno is a historical winery situated near the medieval village of San Gusme where one can still see the footprints of the Etruscans. Strada al Sasso Riserva is from a vineyard that borders this ancient rocky village and is an authentic homage to the overwhelming beauty of the land.  14.5% Alcohol""Today weve got a heck of a deal for you from CorkExclusive, especially when you factor in shipping. As mentioned above, the average price on Wine-Searcher for this wine is $32 yet somehow CorkExclusive is offering this for just $17.99 with free shipping. Not only that but the next lowest price on Wine-Searcher is $29.98 plus shipping (which they estimated at $13 for my location!) Of course, all this is for naught if the wine doesnt measure up, so lets check it out.  The 2007 Tenuta Di Arceno Strada al Sasso Chianti Classico Riserva begins with wonderful aromas of dark fruit, licorice, tobacco, coffee, a bit of baking spice and smoked meat. The wine tastes smooth and delicious with tons of spice, awesome juicy sour cherry fruit, nice dried herbal notes and oak overtones. All these components are integrated together fantastically at 7 years old and it still has plenty more life left in it. It ends dry and grippy with very long lasting juicy fruit. The whole thing is just as good on day 2. A perfect 10!  Get the Tenuta Di Arceno Strada al Sasso Chianti Classico Riserva 2007 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive! Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 8."
55," BULK BUY!     A widely available Northern Rhone Valley pick to go along with yesterdays Rhone Valley Adventures feature!  100% Syrah from Crozes-Hermitage, Rhone, France.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $18, but more typically in the low $20s. Costco occasionally has this wine for $19.99. Imported by Vintus.   From the winery: ""Eye: Dark and deep colour.  Nose: Red fruits, cherry and strawberry with delicate oak aromas.  Palate: A structured tannic wine. Aromas of blackcurrant buds and vanilla.  Overall: Remarkable freshness with notable and refined tannins due to long oak ageing.  The vines are mainly on steep slopes from the villages of Gervans, Mercurol, Larnage et Crozes-Hermitage.  13% Alcohol""As promised in yesterdays feature (Rhone Valley Adventures - Northern Rhone), today we have a widely available example of fantastic Northern Rhone wine that can be found for under $20. This one comes from the Crozes-Hermitage, which surrounds the more prestigious Hermitage appellation. 90% of the wine made here is red, almost all of it from my favorite variety, Syrah. (To say that I was in heaven here would be an understatement.)   The 2009 E. Guigal Crozes-Hermitage begins with super savory aromas of smoked meat, black olives, anise, licorice, dark fruit and some floral notes -- and thats just on the first couple sniffs! This is definitely one of those ""the more you smell the more you find"" kind of wines. The wine tastes big, meaty and savory. The average of the vines is 35 years and the wine spent 18 months in oak barrels. Its full-bodied with plum, licorice, black cherry and savory herbal notes. As the wine breathes it becomes even more complex, yet it never gets out of balance. This smooth and delicious wine ends with lovely spice, mineral notes, more dark fruit and lingering black olives. A perfect 10 as far as were concerned!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 8."
56," Find all our Wine Club Reviews here.   BULK BUY!     Plus find out how to get this $36 wine for less than half that price!   48% Shiraz, 31% Grenache and 21% Mourvedre from the Barossa Valley, Australia.  SRP of $40 with an average price of $36 on Wine-Searcher, but weve got a way to get it for just $16.67 a bottle shipped! (We splurged on this one at what we thought was a great price of $30 per bottle before this deal came along.) Read on...  From the bottle: ""Four generations of my family have been vignerons in South Australia. Over the last three decades in the Barossa Valley I was given the opportunity to make Australias most famous wine. The inspiration of the Barossas best old vine, low yielding, Shiraz, Grenache and Mourvedre vineyards, created Plexus, combining elements into a coherent structure. Ancient, illustrious vineyards combined with meticulous, traditional winemaking, and fifteen months in the best French oak will ensure the age worthiness of this celebrated blend.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2009 John Duval Wines Plexus begins with a really wonderful bouquet of blackberry, plum, spice and everything nice. In addition to the thick fruit aromas theres also a bit of black tea and vanilla. Tasting this full-bodied wine reveals tons of rich and savory dark fruit with a super smooth, silky and even an almost creamy texture. The spice notes from the nose continue all the way through the savory finish of this wonderfully balanced wine. Really excellent now and it should only get better with more time in the bottle!  Its not often we give a wine a 10 taste rating, but thats just what we have here today. However, if not for this special deal this wine wouldnt qualify for a"
57," BULK BUY!     I love it when a wine comes together.   Pinot Noir from Cheviot Hills, North Canterbury, South Island, New Zealand.  SRP of $24 and available for as low as $18. 2,650 cases produced. Imported by Mt. Beautiful USA. Sample submitted for review. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""Inspired by a bold vision from David and Leigh Teece, the picturesque Mt Beautiful vineyard is located in an intriguing new wine region - Cheviot Hills, North Canterbury, in the South Island of New Zealand.  Sheltered from the cool ocean breezes by the nearby Mt Beautiful, the vines grace north-facing slopes of coastal foothills. Here, the warm, dry climate and alluvial silt loam soils are ideal for growing the highest quality grapes.  14.0% Alcohol""Being a child of the 80s, The A-Team was a Tuesday night staple in our household. And if youre familiar with the show you know that during every episode there inevitably comes a point (no matter how impossible it may have seemed) when all their crazy plans somehow succeed and Hannibal sticks a cigar in his mouth and utters his famous phrase, ""I love it when a plan comes together"". Thats exactly what popped into my mind when tasting this wine.  The 2011 Mt. Beautiful North Canterbury Pinot Noir begins with a lovely nose of cranberry, black cherry, a little oak, a little baking spice and some nice floral notes. Its a bit subdued at first but actually quite complex and I enjoyed it very much. The wine tastes silky smooth with lots of tart black cherry, strawberry and cranberry plus some really lovely spice. Medium-bodied, with good acidity, the wine has absolutely fabulous balance -- its one of those wines where everything just comes together. It ends fantastically, with a very long with a cranberry and spice tinged finish.   If you think great Pinot Noir has to come from Oregon, France or California think again -- I pity the fool who doesnt appreciate this Pinot Noir from New Zealand!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 8."
58," BULK BUY!     More Glorious Garnacha.   65% Garnacha Tinta, 24% Cabernet Sauvignon and 11% Syrah from Priorat, Catalonia, Spain.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $13.   From the bottle: ""Scale Dei is a remarkable winery, founded in the 12th century by Carthusian monks. Within the Carthusian order, the Prior was a key spiritual reference and the leader of the community. This wine is a tribute to the figure of the Prior at the Scala Dei Monastery. Aged for nine months in American & French oak, Scala Dei Prior is an intense and complex wine, full of black fruit aromas.  To preserve the unique character of Scala Dei and its surrounding terroir, this wine has been made using the most natural methods. Decanting is recommended.  14.5% Alcohol""Scala Dei is Latin for ""Ladder of God"" and as you read on the label, it goes all the way back to the founding of the winery in the 12th century by monks. Priorat, an isolated area within Spain, is one of the smallest wine regions in the country. Nutritionally poor, black slate soils contribute to very low yields, as little as one pound per vine, but as weve discussed before in the vineyard low yields generally mean very concentrated, flavorful fruit -- perfect for making wine.  The 2003 Scala Dei Priorat Prior begins with nice, strong aromas of dark, ripe fruit (plum and jammy blackberry predominantly) plus a little vanilla and pepper. Tasting this big and savory wine reveals loads of rich, concentrated fruit along with strong tannins, lots of dried herbs and a dense and delicious mouthfeel. It ends with excellent peppery spice and wonderful mineral notes. This one lingers in the mouth for minutes, not seconds. Heavenly!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
59," BULK BUY!     Another winning wine from Rioja.   100% Tempranillo from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $25 and normally available for around $20 but Wine-Searcher is currently showing the low price as $12.99, which is a steal! Sample submitted for review. Imported by Vinaio.  From the bottle: ""This beautiful red wine from Rioja, Spain, shows very well with red meats, stews, mature cheese and, of course, with roasted lamb and kid [goat], the classical pairing for Rioja Reserva & Gran Reserva wines!  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is a Gran Reserva which means it was aged for at least 24 months in oak casks (French oak in this case) and then spent several more years in the bottle before being released. Its one of the great thing about wines from Rioja -- they are not released until they are ready to drink. For a refresher on the different levels (crianza, reserva, etc.) of Rioja wines, check out this post.    The 2004 Marques de Vitoria Rioja Gran Reserva begins with a wonderfully complex and very aromatic nose full of black cherry, vanilla, spice, clove and coffee. I love it. The wine tastes silky smooth with tons of rich tart fruit, layers of vanilla and spice and some pleasant earthy undertones. Its fabulously delicious and it only gets better after a couple hours in the glass. It ends long and dry. Definitely a"
60," [EDIT: Check out the review of the latest vintage!]  BULK BUY!   100% Syrah from the Central Coast of California. The 2008 is a new release available at the SRP of $16 directly from the winery, but previous vintages have been available widely for $14-$15 so I would expect the same as the 2008 becomes widely available.  Sample received courtesy Andrew Murray Vineyards for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""The 2008 vintage is remarkably dark and full-bodied, and yet it has such gentle tannins. It is truly a pleasure to drink, especially at the price. Lots of fruit and spices here...no need to wax poetic about this one as it tastes just plain yummy.  We feel the wine makes an ideal House Wine the wine you open just for the heck of it, or just to pour a single glass, the rest to be enjoyed later. And at this price, why not?  However, we do not skimp on the winemaking for this wine. We start with great grapes from Paso Robles and the Santa ynez Valley and use the different climates to create a wine that is both fruity and spicy at the same time. I use my experiences with both new world and old world style winemaking to make the most drinkable Syrah imaginable.   14.5% Alcohol""Fresh off reviewing the very nice 2007 Tous Les Jours Syrah, we come now to the new 2008 vintage. And unlike the 2007 this one is 100% Syrah. ""Tous les jours"" translates from French as ""everyday"" and Andrew Murrays intention with this wine is that it be an affordable option for everyday consumption. Not only that, but a wine that can hold up to being consumed over multiple nights. Sounds right up our alley!  The 2008 Andre Murray Vineyards Tours Les Jours Syrah begins with strong, pleasing aromas of ripe plum, blackberry, blueberry, and spice. The wine tastes smooooth with lots of dark berry flavors and has a rich texture that is balanced with pleasing spice. Maybe a bit more full-bodied than the 2007 and even though it is the same alcohol percent (14.5%) it doesnt show any heat. The 2008 ends with a really fantastic finish. To top it all off, we found the wine to be even better on day 2. Luscious is a great word to describe it.  To borrow a phrase from Sly and The Family Stone, this is definitely a great wine for ""Everyday People"".  Tous Les Jours indeed!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
61," BULK BUY!    Tasting four vintages of the same wine reveals some surprising yet consistently delicious results!   Today we have a fascinating exploration into the evolution of a wine over four vintages. The first vintage of the Don & Sons Sonoma Signature Pinot Noir was in 2008. In the subsequent years the oak treatment and barrel aging has changed, but as what is likely a testament to the high quality of the winemaking process, the end result is the same.   What perhaps surprised me the most was not that I rated 3 of the 4 years as a"
62," BULK BUY!     This is a darn tasty wine from a new to us variety.   100% Mencia from Bierzo, Castilla y Leon, Spain.  SRP of $18 and purchased for $12.99. Imported by Steve Miles Selections.  From the bottle: ""Covered ripe sweet-cherry color, with a purple, clean and shiny hue. A mixture of red and black fruit, spices (black pepper, cinnamon), chocolate, young toasty wood and a mineral balsamic background on the nose. Full, fleshy, velvety, very good structure without being astringent, sweet tannins, balanced glyceric fruit. Balsamic finish with licorice notes and a sweet bitterness in the finish.  8 months in oak barrels: 60% French, 30% Russian, 10% American; 2 months in bottle.  14.5% Alcohol""One of the wonderful things about being a winelover is the almost endless supply of grape varieties to try. By my count weve covered about 170 of them here on The Reverse Wine Snob and yet it seems like weve only scratched the surface. Today we get to try a new one grown primarily in northwest Spain.   Mencia is a thick-skinned, violet-blue grape that was once thought to be Cabernet Franc. The variety has grown in popularity recently as winemakers have used the excellent old vine fruit to make much more interesting wines that what was traditionally made from the grape. In the case of todays wine the vines are 45-55 years old.  The 2009 Bodegas Peique Ramon Valle begins with lots of ripe, delicious blackberry and licorice, but thats not all. Theres also a hearty aroma of smoky meat (not Brett as far as I can tell) and even some nice floral notes. When tasting the smoky, meaty flavors continue along with dark juicy fruit, mineral streaks, licorice, wonderful balsamic notes and more. It ends with a long, savory, dry finish. This is a darn tasty wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
63," A BULK BUY and the 500th wine reviewed on The Reverse Wine Snob!    Looking for an affordable and ultra-delicious Cabernet? Your search is over.  90% Cabernet Sauvignon, 5% Merlot and 5% Cabernet Franc from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $14.  From the bottle: ""BenMarco wines are gently crafted to showcase the ripe fruit expression of our sustainably-farmed Mendoza vineyards. We harvest by hand into small boxes to minimize damage to the fruit before fermentation and vinify each variety separately before aging in new French (50%) and second year American (50%) oak for 11 months. Minimal handling creates wines that speak of their place - dry high desert, plenty of sunshine, and poor soils that are perfect for grape growing. These Cabernet Sauvignon (90%), Merlot (5%) and Cabernet Franc (5%) grapes are grown at over 3,000 feet elevation where hot days and cool nights allow the grapes to mature slowly and develop ripe, rich and concentrated flavors. Fill a glass with BenMarco and toast to the wonders of nature.  This wine was bottled unfined and unfiltered.  14.3% Alcohol""Todays wine was a reader suggested review (keep those suggestions coming!) but before we get to that, todays wine is also special for another reason. And that is simply because it is the 500th wine we have reviewed here on The Reverse Wine Snob. Not too bad in just under 2 years time. Thanks for reading and making this site a success!  The 2009 Dominio Del Plata BenMarco Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a wonderfully fragrant wave of ripe fruit upon opening the bottle. Delicious and enticing perfumed aromas of ripe blackberry and black cherry along with baking spice, vanilla and even a hint of chocolate welcome you to take a sip. When you do, you find succulent, juicy fruit and a fantastic smooth and spicy texture that even features a bit of smokiness. The spice lasts all the way through the long, dry finish on this complex and full-bodied wine. I love a super fragrant wine and this one fits the bill perfectly."
64," BULK BUY!    Tasting four vintages of the same wine reveals some surprising yet consistently delicious results!   Today we have a fascinating exploration into the evolution of a wine over four vintages. The first vintage of the Don & Sons Sonoma Signature Pinot Noir was in 2008. In the subsequent years the oak treatment and barrel aging has changed, but as what is likely a testament to the high quality of the winemaking process, the end result is the same.   What perhaps surprised me the most was not that I rated 3 of the 4 years as a"
65," [Check out the review of the current vintage of this wine here: Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!]   Costco delivers another knockout Kirkland Signature wine.   $13.99 at Costco.  The first question that comes to my mind is what exactly is a ""Meritage"" anyway? Meritage is basically a Bordeaux blend thats not from France. As I understand it, since the non-French growers (primarily California) couldnt use the Bordeaux label for their blends they made up their own label following similar standards.  To get the Meritage (pronounced like ""heritage"") label, a winemaker must belong to the association and adhere to their standards which include only using the traditional Bordeaux varieties. For red Meritage those include Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot, Malbec, and Carménère. How much of this is just marketing Im not sure, but it certainly works for this wine.   From the bottle: The Napa Valley, Rutherford AVA is known for its unique terroir of volcanic-influenced soil laced with gravel, sand, and loam. This classic Cabernet-dominated Meritage is 70% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Merlot, 12% Petit Verdot, and 3% Cabernet Franc from select Rutherford AVA vineyards. Drink now through 2014. 13.9% alcohol  ""The rich, ripe, black fruit notes of black cherry jam and cassis are layered with integrated oak spice notes. A ripe acidity follows a seamless thread through this multidimensional wine as it displays the inviting notes of classic Rutherford Dust."" Winemakers Marco DiGiulio & Zach LongWhats this? A wine that actually tastes exactly as the bottle describes? This may be a first, but its true! We liked this wine a whole lot, with the cherry notes on the nose followed by a dry acidity and a great finish. Only 8,169 cases were made of this one so dont expect it to last long. Not quite a bulk buy due to the value rating, but if it lasts until our budget resets in April well be grabbing a couple more bottles for special occasions.  [Edit June 2012: After another year in the bottle, this wine is even better so Im changing my original Taste Rating of 8 to a 9, which makes this a"
66," BULK BUY!     An original still going strong.   70% Corvina, 25% Rondinella and 5% Molinara from Verona, Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Kobrand Corporation.  From the bottle: ""Appaxximento countersigns Masis expertise in the XXI century in the technique of obtaining greater concentration of aromas and tastes from grapes through the drying process.  Exclusive Masi Supervenetian wine made since 1964 using red native grapes and produced with a technique developed by the Masi Technical Group.  Appearance: deep ruby red Nose: ripe cherries and sweet spices Palate: rich, powerful cherry and berry flavours, good length and soft tannins Food pairing: versatile, excellent with pasta, risotto, grilled or roasted meat, and aged cheeses. To be served at 18C  13.1% Alcohol""Todays wine is referred to as the original ""Supervenetian"" since it is one of the very first Valpolicella Ripasso wines. To find out more about the ripasso method, which involves using dried grapes during fermentation, take a look at our recent post on the Pasqua Ripasso Valpolicella Superiore. (And if youre interested in finding out even more and why these wines can be so expensive we recommend checking out our friends at Wine Follys recent article ""Why is Amarone Wine So Expensive?"")  The 2009 Masi Agricola Campofiorin Rosso del Veronese begins with a strong, beautiful aroma featuring black cherry, dried herbs, a little vanilla and a hint of cinnamon. The wine tastes smooth and easy to drink with great flavor -- primarily tart and juicy black cherry, cedar, raisin and spice. It ends with good length, soft tannins and more rich and savory fruit plus lingering tobacco notes. This is a really tasty wine that shows that the original is still going strong!  On a side note, we found this bottle to be a wonderful match for my wifes Pasta Fagiolo and, in fact,  that pairing is what helped to bump my rating up to a bulk buy level. (Its also why we only publish reviews based on drinking wine normally, not from quick tastings.) I would expect it would work just as well with many other similar Italian dishes so if you enjoy this style of food this is a great wine to keep on hand.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
67,
68,"   Buy it by the case!   100% Riesling from Alsace, France.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Palm Bay International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Elegant and dry, Trimbach Riesling is a fine example of this true king of Alsace wines -- delicious with seafood, fish, chicken or veal, and many other classic dishes.  13.0% Alcohol""The Alsace region in France is well known for producing stellar white wines with a heavy German influence. This due to the fact that the whole region has changed nationality several times throughout history, switching between Germany and France. Within Alsace, Riesling is the most produced white wine, and Trimbach is one of the oldest wineries in the area, dating all the way back to 1626.   The 2009 Trimbach Riesling begins with delicate and enticing floral, tropical fruit and apricot aromas. The wine tastes simply delicious and features a great mouthfeel, a lovely texture and excellent balance. It is crisp and clean but still rich and substantial. The primary flavors are tangy tropical fruit, lemon, lime and peach. It ends with a very long, dry finish. Those rich flavors just keep going and going. Youll want to buy this gem by the case.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
69,
70," BULK BUY!     A lush and savory blend of Grenache, Cabernet Sauvignon, Tempranillo, Merlot and Syrah.   37% Grenache, 28% Cabernet Sauvignon, 23% Tempranillo, 7% Merlot and 5% Syrah from Costers del Segre, Catalonia, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""10 months in French & American oak barrels.  Serve between 16 and 18C  14.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Castell del Remei Sicoris Costers del Segre begins with a fabulously complex aroma of black and red fruit, savory herbs, a little smoked meat, cedar, sweet spice, vanilla and mint. Tasting the wine reveals an excellent dry, smooth and lush texture, good acidity, a ton of rich and sweet dark fruit, savory herbs and fantastic spice and licorice all the way through the finish. It ends dry and grippy with good length. An awesome blend that mixes traditional Spanish varieties like Grenache and Tempranillo with Cabernet, Merlot and Syrah -- five of my favorite things!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
71,
72," BULK BUY!     A true kitchen sink blend that just works.   37% Cabernet Sauvignon, 31% Merlot, 12% Cabernet Franc, 10% Zinfandel, 4% Syrah, 3% Petit Verdot and 3% Malbec from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $24 and available for as low as $14, but more typically around $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Since 1858, six generations of my family have grown grapes and made wine on our estate in Sonoma Valley. Mountain Cuvée is a lush red blend sourced primarily from our sustainable farmed vineyard. -Jeff Bundschu, Proprietor  14.2% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Californias oldest family owned winery, Gundlach Bundschu. (See the handy image to the right for the pronunciation.) The winery began in 1858 and while it has seen its share of ups and downs, the winery somehow managed to survive the San Francisco earthquake of 1906, several wars and Prohibition. Since the 1970s it has been a bit smoother sailing and today they appear to be on quite a roll. The Mountain Cuvée is the first of several Gundlach Bundschu wines we will be checking out over the next few weeks.   The 2010 Gundlach Bundschu Mountain Cuvée begins with a very pleasant aroma of blackberry, plum, some sweet and spicy notes and a touch of vanilla. The medium-bodied wine tastes silky and delicious with lots of rich fruit flavors, a little licorice, spice, dried herbs and a bit of toasty oak, but the savory fruit wins the day. The spice notes come to the front on the long, dry finish which also features more rich berry flavors. I loved it and it gets even better as it has more air. Im always a little leery of these kitchen sink blends that have so many different varietals in them, but this one just works. Guaranteed to put a smile on your face!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
73," BULK BUY!     Cola, dark chocolate and spice make your mouth feel nice.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from California sourced from Napa Valley, Sonoma County, Lodi, Lake County and Mendocino.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The 2010 Joel Gott 815 Cabernet Sauvignon has aromas of plum, raspberry and cherry cola with hints of anise, cocoa, leather and dried herbs. Bright acidity on the front of the palate leads to a complex mid-palate and soft tannins on the finish.  Fruit for the 815 Cabernet Sauvignon is sourced from carefully selected vineyards in California’s premier winegrowing regions. After picking, the fruit from each vineyard is hand-sorted at our winery and de-stemmed before being fermented in individual lots. The lots are aged for just over a year in oak, and tasted frequently for tannin and flavor development; they are then blended to balance the characteristics of each vineyard. Napa fruit is complex with great depth, Lake County fruit adds minerality and rich texture, Mendocino fruit provides bright red fruit characteristics, fruit from Lodi has dark fruit components and a soft texture, and Sonoma fruit contributes a touch of spice. Fruit from these varied regions creates an elegant, well-rounded wine that could be made nowhere else than California.  13.9% Alcohol""Even though Cabernet Sauvignon is the most popular red variety in the world, I find its a wine thats easy to overlook. Perhaps because its grown everywhere (with varying levels of success) and Im just so used to drinking it that it ends up seeming like the boring choice. However, a well done Cabernet is a beautiful thing and when you find an excellent example for well under $20 like todays wine, thats even better!  The 2010 Joel Gott 815 Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very nice aroma of plum, cherry, a little leather and anise. Tasting reveals a smooth, medium-bodied wine with great structure and soft tannins. The wine features a ton of cola notes, plenty of dark fruit and some dried herbs. There are definitely some oaky accents but they are integrated very nicely and come in the form of dark chocolate and spice. It ends dry with more cola and rich, dark fruit plus a nice burst of spice that lingers in the mouth for a good time. Absolutely delicious!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
74," [Check out the review of the current vintage of this wine here: Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!]    70% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Merlot, 12.5% Petit Verdot and 2.5% Cabernet Franc from Napa Valley, California.  Available for $13.99 exclusively at Costco.  From the bottle: ""The Napa Valley, Rutherford AVA is known for its unique terroir of volcanic-influenced soil laced with gravel, sand, and loam. This classic Cabernet-dominated Meritage is 70% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Merlot, 12.5% Petit Verdot, and 2.5% Cabernet Franc from select Rutherford AVA vineyards. Drink now through 2015.   ""Deep, concentrated, black cherry notes are surrounded by ripe black currant, cinnamon and sweet oak spice. The lifting acidity frames the rich fruit and the classic Rutherford Dust."" Winemakers Marco DiGiulio & Zach Long  14.6% Alcohol""Todays wine is basically the exact same blend as the 2009 version, which I enjoyed very much. In fact, Ive enjoyed it so much over the past year that I had to go back and change my original 8 Taste rating to a 9. As with many wines, a little extra time in the bottle can go a long way and Im expecting similar things here.  The 2010 Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage begins with really nice ripe dark fruit aromas of black cherry and plum as well as some great cinnamon and other spice notes. At first blush I thought this wine wasnt as flavorful as the 2009, but just wait...it really opens up nicely as it gets some air. Add a great mouthfeel, lots of deep spice and dry, grippy tannins and youve got a winner. The finish is dry and long, and those signature dusty notes are there just like the 2009. This one never lasts long at Costco so go grab a bunch today!  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
75," BULK BUY!   More Massa for me please.   60% Sangiovese, 30% Merlot  and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon/Alicante Bouschet from Chianti, Italy.  Purchased at Costco for only $12.99.  From the winery: ""La Massa is right in the heart of Chianti Classico. Because of of the densely planted and wide range of orientations and soil types, La Massa has great complexity, beautiful harmony, super-ripe tannins.   14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is a case in point in why I love shopping at Costco. Yes, the selection is limited and yes some are upset that the wine buyers at Costco see wine as a simple commodity akin to toilet paper, but oh are the prices good! The La Massa retails for $12.99 at my Costco location but compare that to the average price on the 2010 vintage on Wine-Searcher -- a whopping $25! So basically Costco is selling this wine for almost 50% of the average price sold elsewhere. For Reverse Wine Snobs trying to stay under $20 that opens up a whole lot of intriguing possibilities.  The 2010 La Massa Toscana begins with a simply wonderful aroma of succulent blackberries, vanilla, spice and some really fragrant floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals tons of rich, juicy fruit (mostly dark berries), along with licorice, some nice spice, a bit of smoke and dusty tannins. The La Massa really opens up beautifully after about an hour in the glass, so youll want to plan ahead just a bit. It ends dry, with a medium-long finish of slightly sour fruit. Massively good, Ill take more La Massa please -- especially at this price!  Wine in the 2013 Costco Week Series! Wine #1: Bodegas Barco de Piedra Tempranillo 2011 - Tastes like a lot more than $10! Wine #2: Kirkland Signature Malbec 2011 - Plenty good, but its not a pop and pour proposition.  Wine #3: Atteca Old Vines Garnacha 2010 - Powerfully good Garnacha! BULK BUY! Wine #4: La Massa Toscana 2010 - More Massa for me please. BULK BUY! Wine #5: Tarima Monastrell 2011 - The M in GSM takes the stage under a different name and brings down the house.  Wine #6: Castello Banfi Belnero 2009 - A Budget (Quasi-)Brunello  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
76,"   BULK BUY!  85% Sangiovese, 5% Syrah, 5% Alicante, 2% Colorino and 3% Ciliegiolo from Magliano, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy La Mozza and Dark Star Imports for review purposes.  From the winery: ""I Perazzi, the foundation of the La Mozza winery, was created to be unlike most typical Morellino di Scansano. The blend, which includes Mediterranean varieties, is more expressive and better demonstrates the potential of Maremma’s terroir. I Perazzi is named after the pear-like fruit that grow on our estate and are depicted on the label.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine, a Super Tuscan, is made primarily from Morellino di Scansano, which is the local name for Sangiovese. Much like the excellent La Mozza Aragone, the wine also includes some atypical varieties for a Super Tuscan, which help give the wine a unique, and excellent, character. But unlike the Aragone, which was a Saturday Splurge wine, todays selection is super affordable at just under $15.  The 2010 La Mozza I Perazzi Morellino di Scansano begins with a wonderful aroma of licorice, spice and black cherry. Tasting the wine reveals juicy red and black cherries, more licorice and spice and soft and dusty tannins. This wine really needs some time to open up, but when it does it is fabulous. It ends dry with a bit of smoky tobacco and good length. This is simply a really delicious wine and its just as good if not better on day 2. Perfect with pizza, burgers, pasta and other everyday fare.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
77," BULK BUY!     Did you say bacon?   Syrah with a little Petite Sirah from Lodi, California.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $13.  From the bottle: ""I smell with one nose, an ancient black rose, a memory lingering, briefly exposed. I see with two eyes, through shadows and lies, a secret revealing, wrapped in disguise. I hear with my ears, three fallen tears, echoing softly, heightening my fears. I taste with my tongue, my panics begun, four sides enclosed, melding as one. I touch with my hands, a sinister plan, five fingers discerning where I do stand. I sense with my mind, a thought so unkind, Im trapped six feet under in a bottle of wine.  15.5% Alcohol""Todays wine combines one of my favorite varieties -- Syrah (see here and here for example) -- with one of my favorite value areas, Lodi. A match made in heaven? Read on to find out!  The 2010 Michael David Winery 6th Sense Syrah begins with an amazing, intoxicating aroma of violets, spice, dark fruit, vanilla, mint and even some bacon. Yes, bacon. Do I have your attention now? Good, because this wine sure has mine. Tasting reveals a big, juicy wine that explodes with big jammy flavors. In addition to the fruit youll find oaky spice, coffee, a little mocha and licorice wrapped up in a silky texture. Its 15.5% alcohol, but youd never guess it. The very long, dry finish features more dark fruit and oaky spice plus lingering tobacco notes.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
78,
79,
80," BULK BUY!     Alsace - A seemingly magical place that makes wine taste better.   100% Riesling from Alsace, France.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Since 1626, Maison F.E. Trimbach has crafted wines of precision and focus from the classic terroirs of Alsace. Elegant and dry, Trimbach Riesling is a fine example of this true king of Alsace wines -- delicious with seafood, fish, chicken or veal and many other classic dishes.  12.5% Alcohol""Its no exaggeration when we say that Alsace seems to be a magical place that makes wine taste better. Whether it be Pinot Gris/Grigio (Pinot Gris From Alsace - Pinot Grigio That Tastes Good), Gewurztraminer (Lucien Albrecht Gewurztraminer Reserve 2010 - Hard To Pronounce, Easy To Love), Riesling or others, Alsace always brings the goods.   Today were sampling the new vintage of one of our favorite white wines. The 2009 vintage of the Trimbach Riesling not only garnered a"
81,"  44% Zinfandel, 39% Syrah, 9% Petite Sirah and 8% Cabernet Sauvignon from Lake County, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Vigilance Winery for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Having children reaffirmed our dedication to the planet. Thats why our vineyards are sustainably farmed using cover crops and sheep to control the weeds between the rows. Ever vigilant, our watchful sheep dogs stand guard over the flock and the wines, protecting them from harm. It is this same spirit that drives us in our obsession to craft wines that honor and respect the earth. -Clay and Margarita Shannon, Vigilance Vineyards  Cimarron is crafted of Zinfandel, Syrah, Petite Sirah and Cabernet Sauvignon. This wine was aged in French and American oak for 12 months. Rich, smooth, and creamy, this Cuvée can be enjoyed on its own or will pair nicely with your favorite meats, pizza or hearty pastas.  14.2% Alcohol""Recently weve reviewed a number of Lake County wines and have been quite impressed with the quality of wine being made in this up-and-coming region. Wines such as the Line39 Petite Sirah and Sauvignon Blanc as well as the Rosa dOro Primitivo, Sangiovese and Muscat Canelli show what this region can do, and we like it. In addition, we love a good red blend here at The Reverse Wine Snob. So a red blend from Lake County certainly sounds like a winning combination, but lets find out!   The 2010 Vigilance Cimarron Lake County Red Wine begins with a really enticing spice and vanilla filled aroma of blackberry and black cherry. The wine tastes smooth and delicious with rich and vibrant fruit flavors. The blackberry and black cherry flavors continue from the bouquet along with velvety layers of spice and black pepper. Youll definitely want to give this wine some time to breathe to get the most enjoyment out of it, and theres a lot of enjoyment to be had. The finish is dry, fruity and of medium-long length. A succulent wine that is really quite a pleasure to drink."
82," BULK BUY!     Guaranteed to please.   90% Carmenere and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon from Peumo, Cachapoal Valley, Chile.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $13. Imported by Excelsior Wines (Banfi Vintners). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""From cooler vineyards near riverbanks in Chile, Concha y Toro carefully selects its grapes to make the highest quality wines with an emphasis on freshness: Series Riberas, Gran Reserva.  Planted on an old terrace on the northern river bank and cooled by the Cachapoal River, the Carmenere vines afford powerful and concentrated wines laden with ripe red fruit, violet, and chocolate.  14.0% Alcohol""If you are a Cabernet Sauvignon fan who hasnt tried Carmenere (the signature grape of Chile), this is your wine. As we covered in our Tour of Chile series focusing on Carmenere, this is an under-appreciated grape that provides great value.   Todays wine comes from Concha y Toros Serie Ribera, or Riverbank Series. The aim of this particular line is to highlight varieties that are grown near one of Chiles major rivers, the Rapel, Cachapoal, Maule and Tinguiririca. We previously covered the Malbec in this series and gave it a"
83,
84,
85," BULK BUY!    Tasting four vintages of the same wine reveals some surprising yet consistently delicious results!   Today we have a fascinating exploration into the evolution of a wine over four vintages. The first vintage of the Don & Sons Sonoma Signature Pinot Noir was in 2008. In the subsequent years the oak treatment and barrel aging has changed, but as what is likely a testament to the high quality of the winemaking process, the end result is the same.   What perhaps surprised me the most was not that I rated 3 of the 4 years as a"
86," BULK BUY!     Another excellent wine from Esporao.   A blend of 40% Tinta Roriz, 40% Touriga Franca and 20% Touriga Nacional from Douro, Portugal.  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Esporao Quinta dos Murcas Assobio 2011 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order! 2,700 cases produced. Imported by Aidil Wines & Liquors Imports.  From the bottle: ""Assobio is the name of the hillside at our Murcas property where the highest vineyards are found. Murcas is located at the heart of the the oldest D.O.C. wine region in the world (est. 1756), on the right margin of the Douro river, near the village of Covelinhas. Here, the first vertically planted vineyards in the region were established in 1955. This wine was produced mainly with the local Touriga Nacional, Tinta Roriz and Touriga Franca grape varieties, grown in the regions typical schistous soils, and was partially aged in oak barrels before its bottling.  Murcas domain was established in 1714 and is part of Esporao project since 2008. Our wines follow the centuries old winemaking tradition, its diversity of grape varieties and vinification techniques, combined with a creative and contemporary approach. To obtain better wines, we farm under the principles of integrated production. Each year we invite a photographer to portray the property. For this wine we invited Pedro Magalhaes. The photo was taken in autumn.  14% Alcohol""Were big fans of wines from Esporao here at The Reverse Wine Snob. Wines like the the Monte Velho White 2011 (A Summertime Slam Dunk), the Esporao 4 Quatro Castas 2011 (One-of-a-Kind) and the Esporao Assobio Douro 2010 (Beautifully Done). So when our friends at CorkExclusive asked us to consider the new vintage of the Assobio for a sponsored review, we were more than happy to oblige!   The 2011 Esporao Quinta Dos Murcas Assobio Douro begins with very pleasant aromas of black cherry, blueberry, raspberry, a little leather and a little spice. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals rich and juicy dark fruit along with very well integrated spice. This is quite simply an extremely tasty wine with very good balance and complexity. It ends dry and long with firm tannins and lots of long lasting spice plus more tart and juicy dark fruit. A perfect example of why Portugal is a fabulous region for Reverse Wine Snobs!  Get the Esporao Quinta dos Murcas Assobio 2011 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive! Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
87,
88," BULK BUY!     Everything I love about Zinfandel at a great price.   93% Zinfandel and 7% Petite Sirah from Dry Creek and Alexander Valley in Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $21 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The best thing about wine is it doesnt lie. The sun, the soil, the crush, the barrel -- its all right there in the glass, naked and honest. One taste of Liars Dice and youll know you picked a winner. Sweet and juicy, with big flavors of black raspberry and blackberry jam balanced by bold tannins and acidity. This wine is no roll of the dice, its a surefire winner. And thats no lie.   15.5% Alcohol""Were big fans of the wines of Murphy-Goode, as evidenced by our reviews of their Homefront Red and their Pinot Noir. We also love a good California Zinfandel and frankly, winemaker Dave Ready Jr. over at Murphy-Goode hit this one out of the park.   The 2011 Murphy-Goode Liars Dice Zinfandel begins with an excellent aroma full of black cherry, black currants, vanilla, mint and a little bramble. It gets even better when tasting as your mouth explodes with loads of juicy and sweet dark fruit infused with luscious vanilla and caramel and dotted with black pepper. Depth of flavor is one of the things I love most about a good Zinfandel and this one definitely goes deep. Fantastic flavors of sweet blackberry, black raspberry and black cherry are wrapped up in a bold, lively, spicy and smooth texture. It ends dry, juicy, savory and long with a touch of heat. Yowza, this is a bold, flavorful wine and I love it!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
89," The words ""Italian wine"" no doubt conjure images of iconic wines like Barolo, Brunello, Chianti and so forth, and rightly so. However, as temperatures (slowly) climb and summer approaches, the best thing coming out of Italy may well be the rich, mineral soaked, delicious white wines made from all sorts of grapes you simply wont find anywhere else. Dont let the unknown names deter you -- there is great delight to be had in all these indigenous varieties, which is exactly what we found in New York at the Snooth Peoples Voice Awards Wine Writers Seminar on the white wines of Italy.     Finding delight in indigenous Italian whites!   Today we have our third report from this series of seminars which was part of our recent sponsored media trip to NYC. The other installments weve covered include: Oregon Wine - Pinot Noir and Much Much More Plus the 2012 Willamette Valley Vineyard Whole Cluster Pinot Noir  Reveling in the Wine of Ribera Del Duero Plus 3 Top Value Picks From This Region  Gruner Love Featuring the Stadlmann Gruner Veltliner 2011  And so today we turn to these excellent Italian whites and as is our custom, Ive also included reviews of two of my favorites under $20, which just so happen to both be"
90," Exploring the pride of Austria with Snooth and Aldo Sohm at the Peoples Voice Awards Wine Writers Seminar.    Make your mouth come alive.   Weve long been fans of Austrian Wine here at The Reverse Wine Snob, going so far as to do a whole series of reviews featuring many of the varieties indigenous to Austria, entitled ""Awesome Austrians"". And while Austria produces tons of great wine, its claim to fame/pride and joy/national treasure/crown jewel/magnum opus is Gruner Veltliner. And so it was that we sat down in NYC with Snooth and the award winning sommelier Aldo Sohm for a fascinating exploration of the different styles of Gruner Veltliner.   This is the fourth article from our sponsored media trip to New York with Snooth. Other installments to date include:  Oregon Wine - Pinot Noir and Much Much More Plus the 2012 Willamette Valley Vineyard Whole Cluster Pinot Noir  Reveling in the Wine of Ribera Del Duero Plus 3 Top Value Picks From This Region  Excellent Italian Whites - Exploring the White Wines of Italy Including Two"
91," BULK BUY!     Easily worth twice the price.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Highly Recommended Chateau Ste. Michelle & Dr. Loosen Eroica Riesling for just $14.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Meritage from Napa Valley, California.  Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $12.99.   No info on bottle. 13.8% Alcohol  Were big fans of Meritage blends here at The Reverse Wine Snob and as we explained in our series on Meritage, these wines are basically Bordeaux style blends that are not from Bordeaux. The Bordeaux name is, of course, limited to wines that actually come from Bordeaux. Nevertheless, these are wines made in the same style with the same grape varieties in other parts of the world.  The varieties allowed in red Meritage wines are: Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Merlot, Petit Verdot, Malbec and Carmenere. Wines must contain at least two varieties, without any one comprising more than 90% of the total. Easy enough to understand, right? Just be sure to say Meritage like an American. (Think heritage with an M.)  The 2011 Trader Joes Grand Reserve Lot 27 Napa Valley Meritage begins with an excellent and complex aroma of blackberry, plum, a little spice, tobacco and lots of fabulous vanilla and caramel notes. All of those same flavors are evident when tasting this smooth, lush and delicious medium to full-bodied wine. Give it a couple hours to decant to really enjoy it at its best. A little spice leads into the dry, long finish which features plenty more vanilla, caramel and even a little chocolate under the lingering juicy fruit. A fantastic wine that is easily worth twice the price.    Interested in discovering more value priced Meritage wines? Check out last years series as well as the more recent Battle of The Bargain Napa Valley Meritage!    Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
92," BULK BUY!     Another winner from Washington State.   94% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Merlot and 2% Syrah from Horse Heaven Hills Vineyards, Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $18. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Columbia Crest Horse Heaven Hills H3 Cabernet Sauvignon 2012 for just $13.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order.  From the bottle: ""Columbia Crest H3 wines were created to celebrate the winerys rich heritage in the Horse Heaven Hills as well as its innovative winemaking and viticulture practices. Our bold Cabernet Sauvignon delivers aromas of dark fruits and currants with a balance of earthy and deep berry flavors and a cocoa finish.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Columbia Crest Horse Heaven Hills H3 Cabernet Sauvignon spent 18 months in a mix of new and used French oak, which is rather remarkable given the price. That oak influence is put to wonderful use here with lots of vanilla and a little leather and coffee to go along with the abundant aromas of black cherry, blackberry and other dark fruit. The wine tastes rich, juicy and lush with loads of plum, black cherry and blackcurrant jam. Those secondary notes of coffee, leather and vanilla also carry over from the nose on this wonderfully balanced wine. It ends dry and dusty with good length and even a dash of minerality that made us bump up our rating from the 2011.   Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
93," BULK BUY!     A delightful dry Bordeaux blend from Mendoza.   60% Malbec, 37% Cabernet Sauvignon and 3% Petit Verdot from Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13. Imported by Trinchero Vineyards. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Inspired by the varietals that grow best in Lujan de Cuyo, our winemaker crafted this blend of Malbec, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petit Verdot.  A rich purple in color, this wine has aromas of plum, spices and red pepper with delicate notes of mint. Velvety tannins, a good body and a long, persistent finish balance this wine nicely.  Try this wine with red meats such as beef tenderloin medallions. Our vineyards are managed using sustainable agricultural practices.  14.1% Alcohol""Argentina is known for its excellent Malbec, and with good reason (see here and here for example). But dont let that fact trick you into thinking thats the only good thing coming out of this country. Theres plenty of good wine (at very good prices) coming out of Argentina that is not Malbec (like this one and this one). However, if youre not feeling that adventurous weve got a good compromise for you today -- an excellent red blend containing 60% Malbec.  The 2012 Dona Paula Estate Black Edition Red Blend begins with pleasant aromas of plum, black cherry, mint, a little vanilla and as the label says, a touch of red pepper. Tasting reveals a delightful dry Bordeaux blend with lots of dark fruit, spice and vanilla. Nicely balanced with good acidity and a delicious smooth texture, this wine doesnt scream Malbec and thats OK. It ends dry with very tart fruit, more spice and good length. Pair it with a steak or other grilled meats and youll be very happy.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
94," BULK BUY!     A fine example of a dry German Riesling.   100% Riesling from Mosel, Germany.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13-$14. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Terroir: The Dr. Pauly-Bergweiler Estate has 16 ha (34 acres) of Riesling vineyards in the steeply sloped Middle-Mosel area. More than 75% of our vineyards are marked as ""Steillage"" [steep slope]. The vineyard soils are mostly Devon slate residual soils with varying parts of topsoil and mineral stone. The slate gives our wine a delicate and cool minerality which is typical for a Moselle Riesling. The combination of cool climate, slate and Riesling makes our wines unique.  Description: The Dry Riesling from Dr. Pauly-Bergweiler has a refreshing and irrepressible aroma that exudes significant power, emerging with the bouquet of violets when exposed to air. The taste is marked by distinctive acidity.  Suggestion: It is an ideal partner for any kind of fish. Try it with Dover sole or pike.  Quality Level: QbA  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Dr. Pauly-Bergweiler Dry Riesling begins with very pleasant aromas of orange and other citrus, pear, and a little honeysuckle. Taking a sip results in a wonderful mineral-filled mouth full of tangerine, orange peel, green apple and pineapple balanced by great acidity. This is really tasty Riesling. It ends dry and super long with more tasty fruit and mineral characteristics from those slate soils the vines are grown in.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
95," BULK BUY on our latest Costco find!     A fabulously tasty wine that will take your BBQ ribs to the next level.   87% Zinfandel, 9% Petite Sirah and 4% Syrah from Mendocino County, California.  SRP of $20 and available at Costco for just $12.79. 32,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Edmeades is pure Mendocino style. The authentic taste of one of Californias final frontiers. Our approach is traditional; our methods are decidedly low tech. We believe in native fermentation in small bins, hand punchdowns and minimal manipulation. With dollops of smoke, graham cracker, chocolate and fruit, it reminds us of raspberry smores fresh from the campfire.   14.7% Alcohol""As much as I complain about the high price of wine at restaurants and the ridiculous rule they use to price a glass of wine at their wholesale cost for the bottle -- I still order a glass from time to time. Although it comes at a premium, it lets me try out new wines and new wine/food pairings. Thats exactly how I found todays wine when I decided I needed a Zin to pair with my dinner of ribs and rotisserie chicken slathered in copious amounts of BBQ sauce.   And while that initial pairing was definitely a homerun I wondered how the wine would do all on its own. Would it still be just as tasty without the yummy food and pleasant ambiance? Read on for the result...   The 2012 Edmeades Mendocino County Zinfandel begins with very pleasant aromas of blueberry and plum along with a little bramble, leather, vanilla and some excellent smoky notes. This is a really, really tasty wine full of wonderful fruit wrapped up in a smooth and silky texture. Nine months in basically 50% French/50% American oak (15% of which was new) was put to tremendous use here. Youll also be pleased to find notes of cola, leather and vanilla; soft, fine tannins; and good acidity in this excellently balanced wine. As good as it was with my dinner it was surprisingly just as good on its own. It ends dry and long with more juicy fruit, cola and lingering vanilla notes. For less than $13 at Costco this might just be my new go to Zin.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
96," BULK BUY!     Another extremely satisfying wine from Parejas Cellars.   55% Marsanne, 34% Rousanne and 11% Grenache Blanc from Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14 thanks to a special discount for Reverse Wine Snob readers from Parejas Cellars (see below). 201 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Co-fermentation & blending of 2 separate lots/vineyards has created an amazing dry full-bodied wine of elegance and power. 55% Marsanne/34% Roussanne/11% Grenache Blanc all “band” together to reveal exotic & refreshing perfumed aromas of spiced herbal tea, spring blossoms, Asian pears, greengages, and honeysuckle! All these aromatics follow thru to the palate creating an incredible rich mouth-feel that continuously pleases with or without food!  13.2%""Todays wine is the second weve sampled from Parejas Cellars in Yakima Valley, Washington and the first white. And just the like the excellent red blend we sampled previously (Parejas Cellars Tres Rojas de Mesa 2008 - Fabulously Tasty) this one hits it out of the park.  The 2012 Wysling Band of Sisters begins with a very pleasant aroma of tropical fruit, minerals, honeysuckle and some intriguing herbal notes. Tasting reveals a beautiful, dry, fruit and mineral filled palate. Tropical fruit, pears, spicy minerals, a wonderful texture and great balance make for an extremely satisfying wine. All these flavors flow into the long finish. A beautiful Rhone blend!  Buy this wine direct from Parejas Cellas and mention The Reverse Wine Snob in your phone or email order to receive 15% off any size order! You can also still receive 15% off the Tres Rojas de Mesa red we reviewed earlier. Or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
97," BULK BUY!     Grab a few bottles for your Thanksgiving feast.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Bodega Sottano Cabernet Sauvignon Classico 2013 for just $13.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   56% Grenache Noir, 20% Cinsault, 10% Clairette, 4% Syrah, 4% Bourbelenc, 3% Mourvèdre and 3% Grenache Blanc from Tavel, Rhone, France.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $14. Imported by Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Dry and fresh, it is the ideal Tavel for our taste, balancing the bold, stony flavors of the southern Rhône with a certain Provençal graciousness.  Good wine is a necessity of life for me. -- Thomas Jefferson  13.5% Alcohol""The Tavel region in the southern Rhone is devoted exclusively to producing rosé wines, and what wines they are. The area lies just to the north west of Avignon and combines a hot dry climate (which means ripe grapes) with stony well drained, soils (which means strong root systems). The wines produced here are known for their slightly darker color than many other rosés, which comes from longer contact with the grape skins during fermentation.   The 2013 Chateau de Trinquevedel Tavel Rosé begins with an excellent aroma of strawberry, red cherry, a touch of rhubarb, a hint of sea salt and flowers. The wine tastes fresh, spicy, tangy and absolutely delicious. Dry and loaded with tart berry and citrus flavors, this rosé has an excellent full texture with wonderfully integrated spice and herb notes. Lovely mineral and sea salt notes become more prominent on the finish and linger nicely. If you want to get beyond the basic Pinot Noir pairing this turkey day, this is a perfect wine to complement all those varied flavors at your Thanksgiving table.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
98," BULK BUY!   Find all of our Club W wine picks here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     From Argentina with love (via Club W).   Torrontés from Mendoza, Argentina.  Available for $13 exclusively at Club W. Sample submitted for review.  From Club W: ""Torrontés is the hottest thing to arrive from Argentina since the tango. Not to be confused with Spain’s Torrontés (that’s a completely different fruit), the Argentine queen is a leader of the pack. She’s highly aromatic, exuberantly floral, with a rich, hothouse citrus scent - a whiff will have you wondering whether La Reina should be sold as a wine or a perfume. But one sip will have you lining up for another pour of her tropical peach, apricot, and kiwi flavors that come with a crisp, zingy pop. Queue your clique because this ringleader knows how to rock a party.  13% Alcohol""As much as we love a good Mendoza Malbec, Torrontes may be the best thing coming out of Argentina these days. Its a perfect match for summer and since weve been stuck (endlessly it seems) in cool weather Im dreaming about warm days on the patio sipping this highly aromatic and refreshing variety. Today, thanks to Club W, weve got an excellent and affordable example.  The 2013 La Reina (""The Queen"") Torrontes begins with a pleasant, very aromatic bouquet of flowers, citrus, tropical fruit and even a whiff of a nutty note. Tasting the wine reveals similar flavors to the nose, but they go deep. Theres also some really nice spice adding complexity and a wonderful racy acidity and mouthfeel. It ends dry with a little spicy minerality under the delicious fruit and features really good length. Summertime sipping at its best!   Want to find out more about Club W? Check out this post: Club W - Delivering Delight and a Free Bottle of Wine! And find all of our Club W wine picks here.  Available for $13 exclusively at Club W. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
99," BULK BUY!   Find all of our Club W wine picks here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     This is one really, really tasty wine.   Chenin Blanc from Clarksburg, California.  Available for $13 exclusively at Club W. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The most courageous act is still to think for yourself.  13.1% Alcohol""While Chenin Blanc from California may not be the most popular white wine choice from California, weve been quite impressed with what weve tasted recently. So impressed, in fact, that the Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier that we reviewed as part of this years Trader Joes series sits atop our current list of the Top 10 White Wines Under $20.   The Pine Ridge, which we adored, is not 100% Chenin Blanc however -- it adds in 20% Viognier from Lodi. And whenever I try that wine I find myself wondering just what it would taste like if it was 100% Chenin Blanc. Todays wine probably comes pretty close.  The Independent Chenin Blanc from Club W comes from winemaker Chris Condos, who just so happened to have spent time at Pine Ridge. When Chris signed on with Club W to make his very own Chenin Blanc where do you suppose he went? To the very same block of the very same vineyard he was harvesting when he was at Pine Ridge in 1995. Lets check out the result.  The 2013 The Independent Wilson Vineyard Chenin Blanc begins with light, pleasant aromas of citrus, green apple and just a touch of tropical fruit. Tasting shows lots of delicious fruit with great depth of flavor - tangy citrus, melon, green apple and pineapple all last well into the mouthwatering and very long finish. In addition this easy to drink wine features a wonderful, full mouthfeel, lively acidity and even some light mineral notes. Excellent and extremely tasty!  Want to find out more about Club W? Check out the post Club W - Delivering Delight and a Free Bottle of Wine as well as all of our Club W wine picks here.    Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 8."
100, [NOTE: Find the review of the latest vintage here!] 
101," BULK BUY!     An excellent pick from an often overlooked region, Carinena.   A blend of Tempranillo, Garnacha and Cabernet Sauvignon from Carinena, Aragon, Spain.  Available exclusively at Trader Joes for $6.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Monte Ducay vineyard is located in a beautiful landscape, with stony, sandy and light soils. It produces very well balanced wines, with pronounced colour and distinctive character.  TASTING NOTES: Beautiful cherry red tinted with brick overtones. Fragrant and delicate on the nose. Elegant bouquet, generous and well balanced. Long, lingering aftertaste.  OAK AGING: 14 months in american oak followed by 24 months in the bottle. SERVING TEMPERATURE: 15-17C  13% Alcohol""One of the beauties of Trader Joes is their ability to find inexpensive gems, and one of the ways they do this is to source wine from some lesser known regions. Todays wine is a case in point.  The Carinena region in Northern Spain is just northeast of one of our favorite value regions in the whole world - the Calatayud. And like the Calatayud winemaking here goes back to the Roman times. The area is also known for its rocky soils and high elevations, a fabulous combination for growing flavorful grapes. Because the area doesnt have the same name recognition as say, Rioja or Ribera Del Duero, there is great value to be found.  The 2009 Bodegas San Valero Monte Ducay Reserva begins with abundant aromas of baking spice (nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon and vanilla) plus ripe red cherry and plum. It smells great and is surprisingly complex for the price, no doubt due to the 14 months of aging in American oak. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals super ripe, dark, rich and juicy fruit with great depth of flavor. Theres also decent acidity and a very smooth texture. Wonderful spicy notes kick in mid-palate along with some nice graphite minerality that lasts all the way into the medium-long, dry finish. Excellent!  Want more Trader Joes picks? Weve added a link in the header for Trader Joes and Costco so you can find our latest picks quickly and easily while youre at the store!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
102,
103,"   BULK BUY!  BULK BUY!  A blend of Sangiovese, Merlot, Zinfandel and Cabernet Franc from California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $7 at Costco. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Four generations of growing and winemaking by the Tudal Family guides the crafting of our proprietary Tractor Shed Red since the inaugural 97 vintage. Artful blending of noble Bordeaux and Italian-style varietals from each California harvest results in a deliciously rich and smooth wine. Our original 47 Massey-Harris red tractor still stands prominently at our St. Helena winery - symbolic of authentic origins. TSR will over deliver on quality year-to-year and is always a crowd pleaser!  14.3% Alcohol"" Todays wine hit all the right notes for me:  Lots of rich fruit but not so much that it overwhelms everything else. Loads of varied smooth flavors. A nice peppery spice component. Great structure with nice tannins that go all the way through the long, succulent finish. An amazing price.  The 2009 Tudal Family Winery Tractor Shed Red begins with a very aromatic and nice bouquet of ripe dark fruit, pepper and spice that really just makes you want to take a sip. The wine tastes of luscious blackberry and plum along with pepper, spice and some underlying earthiness. The long dry finish features rich fruit flavors that stick around for awhile. Just a really delicious blend that would be great with a pizza or just all alone. Buy this one by the case!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
104,
105,"   BULK BUY!  100% Tempranillo from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $10 and available widely for around $8. Sample received courtesy Pernod Ricard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Grapes: Tempranillo  Tasting: Aromas of ripe red fruit with spices and vanilla. Perfumed, soft and fresh.   Food Pairing: Pasta, poultry and fresh light cheeses, grilled chicken, small bites (light cheese, grilled vegetables)  Serve at: 61-63°F  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Rioja, Spain an area that has strict standards for winemaking and labeling. This wine is classified as a ""Young Wine"" which means it has less than a year in oak and a short time in the bottle. The next step up, Crianza, must have both one year in oak and one year in the bottle but dont let only 4 months in American oak fool you into thinking youre getting an inferior wine. This short oak treatment makes for a very approachable wine with light tannins and more fruit, which really lets the Tempranillo grape shine. The importers of this wine, Pernod Ricard, believe Tempranillo could be Spains signature grape much like New Zealand has Sauvignon Blanc or Argentina has Malbec, and I think theyre right. I love a good Tempranillo.  The 2010 Campo Viejo Rioja Tempranillo begins with a very nice aroma of black cherry, blackberry, strawberry, spice and a little vanilla. The wine tastes medium to full bodied with light tannins. Dark red fruit and spice carryover from the bouquet when tasting plus a bit of added smoked meat. This one is very easy to drink and will pair with lots of foods. The pleasing finish is dry, smooth and has good length. A definite crowd pleaser -- a wine that is easy to drink but still has some complexity. Very good and at only $8, worthy of a"
106,
107, Another
108,
109," BULK BUY!     Our latest Costco pick demonstrates the value to be found in Portugal.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Bodegas Caro Amancaya Gran Reserva 2011 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   40% Tinta Roriz, 30% Touriga Franca and 30% Tinta Barroca from Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $10 and purchased for $6.99 at Costco. Imported by M Imports.   From the bottle: ""You have selected an exceptional and exclusive wine from an award winning winery. With a dense colour it shows aromas of cinnamon and jam. Has a perfect harmony with the fruit. Perfect for classic flavoured red meat dishes or cheese.  13.5% Alcohol""I noticed this wine at my local Costco several weeks before I finally bought a bottle and its been hanging around for quite awhile since that point. This leads me to believe it has been a slow seller, but dont let that scare you! Portugal has become so identified with Port wines that their tables wines are often criminally overlooked.   In fact Portugal is so hot right now, you might even call it a reverse wine snobs dream. With an incredibly long history of quality winemaking and lots of established vineyards there are a ton of inexpensive gems out there, just like todays wine. Dont believe us? Our friends at Wine Folly agree calling Portugal ""the most underrated wine region in the world"".   The 2010 Quinta Do Portal Muros de Vinha Vinho Tinto begins with pleasant aromas of red berry fruit and licorice along with hints of nutmeg and cinnamon. The wine tastes smooth with lots of spice and plenty of juicy fruit, although its a bit darker in the mouth than the aromas of the bouquet suggest. Theres also more licorice and nice acidity. It finishes dry with fine tannins and medium-long length. This one definitely drinks like way more than $7 and is a great example of the value to be found in Portugal. A true gem!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
110,  
111," BULK BUY! BULK BUY! BULK BUY!   100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Wine Sellers Ltd for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Santa Julia range is symbolic of our respect and care for the natural Mendoza environment, their home since the company was created in 1963. Today, this third generation family of winemakers continue their mission through many programs that benefit the land, the community.  100% sustainable farmed grapes. Social welfare programs. Energy conservation. Use of green fertilizers. Wildlife preservation. Vineyard irrigation from pure mountain water and water recycling programs.  This full-bodied Santa Julia Malbec is full of cherry and plum flavors with spice notes and a velvety finish. It is the ideal wine for steaks, burgers, firm cheeses and pastas with red sauces.  13.7% Alcohol""Today were starting a new series of reviews on Malbec, entitled ""Malbec Mania! Searching For The Best Malbec Under $20"". Why mania? Because the popularity of this grape is really quite amazing and doesnt seem to be slowing down anytime soon. On top of that, you rarely hear anyone say they dont like Malbec, which makes this a great variety for all those upcoming Holiday gatherings. And the last reason, and perhaps the most important if Im being honest, is that I love a good Malbec. And todays wine is definitely a good one.  The 2010 Santa Julia [+] Malbec begins with pleasant aromas of plum, ripe fruit, a little spice and perfumed floral notes. Tasting the wine shows lots of blackberry and plum flavors in this very fruity, and very tasty, wine. It also features a really nice silky texture and mouthfeel. The wine ends with a bit of spice along with lingering blackberry and chocolate notes that seem to go on for an incredibly long time. On top of all that the wine seems to get even better with some air as the spice becomes a bit more prominent. Excellent!    Also check out our earlier review of the Santa Julia Organica Malbec, which gives some more information about this winemaker and how they take care of their workers. When we continue this series later this week well try out the Santa Julia Reserva Malbec as well. But first, tomorrow brings a special Holiday Edition of the Top 10 list and then we begin a special series on Holiday Sparkling Wines that will alternate with this Malbec Mania series!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
112,
113," BULK BUY!     A beauty from Bodegas Bilbainas.   100% Tempranillo from Haro, Rioja Alta, Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $8 but more commonly around $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""A wine with just one guideline: to be Rioja.  Its character: the fruit and the expression of Tempranillo. Intense, authentic, fresh and delicious.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Bodegas Bilbainas, the largest vineyard owner in the Rioja Alta subregion. (Rioja is split into 3 subregions: Rioja Alavesa in the north, Rioja Alta to the west and Rioja Baja to the east.) In fact Bodegas Bilbainas, which was founded in 1859, is the 4th largest bodega in all of Rioja and is well respected in and out of the region. Unlike many other wineries they only produce single vineyard wines. As such many of their wines, like todays, take their names from the vineyards where the grapes are grown -- Vina Zaco is one of winerys oldest.   The 2010 Vina Zaco Tempranillo begins with loads of perfumed floral notes like violets and lilacs plus licorice, black cherry, a little vanilla and a hint of cinnamon. Its a very enticing aroma. The medium to full-bodied wine tastes really delicious with lots of rich fruit, lots of spice and soft tannins. It ends dry with very good length and features more spice and hints of vanilla under the lingering fruit. Fantastic, especially for $10 or less!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
114,
115," [Check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]   BULK BUY!     The epitome of a great Trader Joes wine plus the Trader Joes pricing strategy revealed and the type of wine you should never buy there!   The first installment in our weeklong series on Trader Joes wine!   Shiraz from Barossa, Australia available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $7.49.  From the bottle: ""The Black Barossa Shiraz is a partnership between some of the Barossa Valleys pioneering grape growing families dating back to the 1840s with distinctive individual soil characteristics, that is recognized throughout the world as one of the best grape growing regions for Shiraz. This Barossa Shiraz is a tribute to its heritage, allowing us to produce a full flavoured wine. Inky black in colour with rich dark fruit cake characters, combining hints of black pepper, juicy plums and blueberries. The palate delivers great flavor, length and weight, which follows through with soft firm lingering tannins.   14.0% Alcohol""Today begins our week long exploration of Trader Joes exclusive wines. Just like we did recently with Costco, each day this week Ill be highlighting some of my favorite picks at Trader Joes, which excels in the under $10 category. But before we hop into the wines lets take a quick look at the Trader Joes business model, which is quite a bit different than a store like Costco.  Trader Joes really concentrates on creating private label items that are unique to their stores. 80% of their grocery items are Trader Joes brands and it appears to be close to that percent for their wine as well. (Although for the wine they dont actually label many items as a Trader Joes brand even though it can only be purchased there.) Unlike Costco who dominates by driving down prices through their buying power and super low margins, the margins on Trader Joes wines are actually quite high. Trader Joes exclusive arrangements with producers are the key to making this happen.   What you will notice; however, is that the non-Trader Joes wines are generally not priced very competitively. For example, I once found a Coppola Claret that could be purchased for $10 at Costco selling for $17 at Trader Joes. What gives? Its all part of the Trader Joes pricing strategy.   Basically Trader Joes is all about selling their own wine since they make the most money on their private label items. The general market wines are really just there to make their own prices look better. By pricing the general market wines high and their own labels low, it reinforces the perception of value on the Trader Joes exclusive wines (and really on all their private label items). At least one local distributor I talked to said that this means few of their general market producers really have any desire to be in Trader Joes, as they are just there to look bad. (This is very different than Costco where producers often bite the bullet and take the lower than usual margins because there is so much potential volume.)    My rule of thumb is to buy any wines that are widely available at Costco, plus their excellent Kirkland Signature brand wines. I go to Trader Joes to get some great deals on their exclusive wines under $10 (and only on their exclusive wines). And today we are going to start out our series with the epitome of a great Trader Joes wine.  Todays wine is easy in every aspect -- easy on the wallet, easy on the tastebuds, heck its even easy to open and ready to drink right away! Plus, how can I not like a wine that brings to mind a great Spinal Tap quote. (""Its like, how much more black could this be? And the answer is none. None more black."") But of course, like all the best wines at Trader Joes this one is not consistently in stock so it may take a few visits to find it. When you do, stock up!  The 2011 Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz begins with very pleasant aromas of dark berries, spice and a little dark chocolate. This oh-so-smooth wine tastes wonderful with lots of rich fruit, excellent spice and great balance. And at the end where most inexpensive wines fall short, this one excels with a fantastically long finish featuring more fruit and spice. A fine example of an Australian Shiraz at a smoking price!  Stay tuned for more Trader Joes wine picks every day this week!    Wine in the Trader Joes Week series: Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #1.  Plus The Trader Joes Pricing Strategy Revealed!  Cheap and Refreshing White Wines - Trader Joes Week Wines #2 and #3 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana 2009 - Trader Joes Week Wine #4. A perfect partner for a pizza! Pontificis GSM Blend 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #5. A GSM blend for the masses!  Brunello and Barbaresco On The Cheap - Trader Joes Week Wines #6 and #7. The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  TJs Classics - Trader Joes Week Wines #8, #9 and #10. The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.  Also be sure to check our Costco Week series for another source of great, inexpensive and widely available wine!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
116," Includes a BULK BUY!     Two crazy good wines from Carinena.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Franklin Tate Estates Alexanders Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon 2012 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   As we noted in our review of the Monte Ducay Reserva 2009 and the Alto Cinco Garnacha 2012 a few weeks ago, the Carinena region in northern Spain has a long history of winemaking going all the way back to the 3rd century B.C. The vineyards in this area consist of mostly rocky soils at relatively high altitudes with vines averaging 40 years of age. In fact, the area is so known for its rocky soils that the locals call the wines ""el vino de las piedras"", or ""wine of the rocks"". Todays selections come from Grandes Vinos y Vinedos S.A. winery which was founded in 1997 and has rapidly become one of the larger in the region.   First up is the 2011 Beso de Vino Seleccion, a blend of 85% Syrah and 15% Garnacha from Carinena, Aragon, Spain. It has an SRP of $12 and is available for as low as $8. It is imported by Steve Miles Selections. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Antonio the Bull, kissed this wine and he fell in love. Now he runs around the world and offers this wine to you. Beso de Vino Kiss of Wine, the Spanish Temptation in a bottle. Fall in love. Have Fun. Beso de Vino.  Garnet color. Roasted coffee, baked berry, chocolate covered espresso bean and sweet cherry aromas follow through to supple, fruity medium-to-full body with tangy apple accents and lively balanced tannins.  13.5% Alcohol""One thing that stands out about this bottle before you even open it is the latest generation of screwcap which has three tiny holes in it:     Thanks to a special membrane in the screwcap itself, these holes allow microscopic and controlled amounts of oxygen into the bottle just like a cork with no worries of cork taint or of allowing too much air in while still being super easy to open and re-close. As someone who prefers the ease of opening of a screwcap this sounds like a great innovation to me, but lets see how the wine tastes!   The 2011 Beso de Vino Seleccion begins with a very pleasant, strong aroma of black cherry, blackberry, plum and licorice plus a little menthol and white pepper. Tasting this medium-bodied wine shows lots of sweet, thick, ripe dark berry fruit but also tons of cola and licorice that dominates the mid-palate and into the finish. Youll also find good acidity in this easy to drink wine. It ends dry, grippy, and a bit bitter but with good length.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor and use code ""jon14"" to get free shipping on any size order!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy Next is the 2011 Beso de Vino Old Vine Garnacha which is 100% Garnacha from Carinena, Aragon, Spain. It has an SRP of $12 and is available for as low as $8. This wine is also imported by Steve Miles Selections. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Garnet violet color. Banana nut bread toast, berry compote, and delicate spice aromas follow through on a round entry to a dry-yet-fruity medium body with a hint of green apple and mint jelly. Finished with round and balanced tannins and a crisp and pleasant acidity.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Beso de Vino Old Vine Garnacha begins with an excellent and fruity aroma filled with black cherry, plum, violet and lavender notes along with touches of vanilla, mint and smoke. This wine comes from 40 year old vines and spent 4 months in new French oak. Tasting reveals a delicious medium-bodied wine filled with savory sweet dark berry fruit and nice touches of spice. Sure enough those hints of banana nut bread mentioned on the back label come through as well. Add to that good acidity and a soft and smooth texture and youve got one really tasty wine that is hard to beat at this price. It ends dry and long with lingering sweet fruit and a bit of oak.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
117," BULK BUY!     Smooth, balanced and subtly complex.   This post brought to you by:    Get the La Massa Super Tuscan 2011 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   80% Merlot and 20% Cabernet Sauvignon from Blaye Cotes de Bordeaux, Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $10 and purchased at Trader Joes for $7.99.  From the winery: ""To make a good wine you must first start with good grapes. Because wine is made by the transformation of the sugar in the grapes into alcohol through the process known as alcoholic fermentation, the complexity of the wine in the bottle is cultured by the daily work done in the vineyard throughout the growing season. Regular tasting of the grapes is necessary to insure that the grapes reach their fullest potential.  A well balanced wine. It reveals a beautiful deep ruby robe with purple hints. In a first step, the powerful and complex nose develops notes of mellowed oak, roasted coffee and vanilla. With swirling, it reveals generous notes of red fruits such as cherry, black currant and blueberry.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 begins with an excellent aroma of plum, black cherry, strawberry, leather, vanilla, a little cranberry and a hint of earth. Tasting reveals a balanced wine with a fabulous subtle complexity to it. Theres also plenty of dark, juicy fruit flavors similar to the nose in this medium-bodied beauty. Smooth and easy to drink, the wine even has a bit of a chalky mouthfeel that turns into lingering graphite minerality on the long, dry finish. Fantastic!  Available at Trader Joes or see a listing of other local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
118,
119,
120,
121,"   BULK BUY!  89% Riesling and 11% Muscat Gordo from Victoria, Australia.  SRP of $11.99 and available for $7.99 at Costco. Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""It’s a mouth-revving Riesling with a bite that sings with mountain-stream purity. Its flavors dart all over, quartz-like acidity coming right at you, bold and unapologetic. You may see notes of lemon sorbet, bath salts and white lilies layered with spices from your favorite childhood pie shop…guess that depends on your childhood. But you can’t deny its raciness and versatility, sidling up suggestively to food that’s both sweet and spicy. Its intensity will slap you in the face…the oodles of length will have you scrambling for more.  During harvest, a cellar hand wanted to taste the wines ‘blind’. Not being able to cover the labels, he made a makeshift blindfold from a lab cloth and told his colleague to pour the wines into a few glasses. Reaching for the wine glasses he inadvertently ‘frisked’ them to make sure he had a firm grip, a point duly noted by his co-workers in snickering tones. He then proceeded to tell all and sundry that he got a kick out of the ‘prickle’ of the wine as he swallowed.   And so for a wine that is indeed fresh, frisky and just a touch prickly, it‘s quite an apt name.  8.9% Alcohol""Its been a good week for wine, with another"
122," BULK BUY! Plus an amazing deal to buy the wine from our favorite sponsor...     This certainly aint no wimpy white.   A blend of Sauvignon Blanc, Riesling, Colombard, Muscat and Viognier from Lodi and Monterey, California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. 20,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Bold. Sophisticated. With a hint of gnarly.  Heres to the vines, and to a life lived boldly. These heroic vines produce intense fruit flavors and deeply concentrated wine -- matched only by the passions of the people who drink them.  Gnarly Head Authentic White is a provocative, deeply aromatic blend, delivering fragrant honeysuckle, juicy nectarine, and lush tropical fruits balanced by bright lemon zest and crisp, clean acidity. Chill down and pair with fresh spring rolls, mild curries, or fish tacos.  11.5% Alcohol""Just a few weeks ago we reviewed the Gnarly Head Authentic Red and dubbed it ""Ready To Party"". Today we turn to the Authentic White which we liked even better! And the best news of all is that weve got a way for you to get both wines at a fantastic price PLUS free shipping. However youll have to act fast as this deal is only good for two days (ends Monday morning at 8:59am EST). Read on after the review to get all the details.  The 2011 Gnarly Head Authentic White begins with a very interesting, complex and enjoyable mix of aromas that includes tropical fruit, flowers, peach and gooseberry. Tasting the wine reveals zesty citrus, tangy tropical fruit, great acidity, a silky smooth mouthfeel and tons of flavor -- this is a really delicious white wine. It ends with good length, lingering tropical fruit and creamy lemon flavors. Unlike many California white wines under $10, this one is bold and full of flavor and I loved it.  And now for the deal -- todays wine plus the excellent Gnarly Head Authentic Red are the deal of the day at Marketview Liquor. Each day Marketview selects a wine or two to deeply discount and offer with free shipping on orders of 6 or more bottles. Click HERE to buy these wines for a ridiculous price PLUS free shipping! But act fast, this deals expires at 8:59am EST on Monday 10/28!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
123," BULK BUY!   Crisp and Clean!  100% Chenin Blanc from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $7. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Indaba is the traditional Zulu forum for sharing ideas. In this spirit we collaborate to produce great wines.  This crisp, refreshing white is packed with luscious tropical fruit, citrus, and melon flavors and a touch of honey. It makes a great match for salads, light pasta dishes, mild cheeses, sushi, and seafood.  World-wide sales of Indaba wines help fund the Indaba scholarship, established to open the wine industry to a new generation of South Africans.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second white weve tasted from South Africas Indaba wines, and much like the last one, the Indaba Chardonnay 2011 - In Da Zone, weve come away very impressed with the quality offered for the very low price.   The 2011 Indaba Chenin Blanc begins with pleasant and even complex aromas of lime, melon, guava and other tropical fruit plus a little granny smith apple. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals a thick and luscious mouthfeel with crisp and clean flavors of zesty citrus and melon, nice minerality and even a bit of spice. The crisp and clean theme continues on the lingering finish. This is a fantastic wine and a steal at only $7. Stock up!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
124,
125,"   BULK BUY!  100% Cabernet Sauvignon rosé from the Central Coast of South Africa.  SRP of $12 and available for $7.99 at Costco. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Delicious with crab cakes, chicken satay, spring rolls with ginger dipping sauce, herb rub roast turkey, ratatouille, fruit-glazed pork chops or strawberries and cream.  12.5% Alcohol""I think this is the first time Ive read a wine label and gotten really hungry! Most food pairings on labels feature extravagant dishes that the normal person may never even eat...prosciutto wrapped grilled peaches and such. This just seems like horrible marketing to me, but I guess theyre trying to create the impression of exclusivity. Pork chops, roast turkey, chicken satays...now this is the type of food to which most people can relate! And while I give the winemaker props for listing these, this is really a testament to the pairing power of rosé.   Why rosé isnt more popular is really a mystery to me, especially during the warm summer months, but it does seems things are changing a bit. Im a big fan of Cabernet Sauvignon rosé in particular, which is exactly what we have here today from South Africa, a region that is really producing some amazing wine for under $20.  The 2011 Mulderbosch Cabernet Sauvignon Rosé begins with very enticing aromas of strawberries, raspberries, a little watermelon and some really pleasant floral notes. Tasting the wine shows nice juicy fruit plus some really good minerality. I could easily and happily sip this all summer. The finish is dry and leaves a lingering hint of berries and sea salt. You cant help but take another sip. Not super complex, but oh so good. Seriously at $7.99 buy this wine by the case -- its absolutely perfect for sipping on a hot summer day plus itll pair with just about anything you throw at it.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
126,
127," BULK BUY!    Looking for a great wine under $10? Here it is!  100% Malbec from Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $11 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""A bright carmine red whose plum and raspberry jam aroma mingle elegantly with vanilla notes from the six months aged in French oak barrels. Well balanced, exhibits sweet tannins and a velvety finish.  An exuberant varietal ideal alongside grilled red meats, such as braised osso buco mille-feuille with grilled tomatoes and topped in a light basil sauce.  14.0% Alcohol""There are certain regions and varieties of wine that I consider a gift to Reverse Wine Snobs -- combinations that offer tons of delicious options under $10. Spanish Garnacha is one such example. Im beginning to think Chenin Blanc from South Africa might be another. And of course, Malbec from Mendoza is a third. And while there is a lot of very good Malbec to be found in this low price range, why settle for very good when you can have great? Yes, ""great"" Malbec even at less than $10! Dont believe me? Give todays wine a try.  The 2011 Trivento Reserve Malbec begins with wonderful aromas of ripe, dark fruit and spice along with a hint of chocolate. The wine tastes rich and spicy with an abundance of good juicy fruit, primarily black raspberry, blackberry, plum and blueberry. It might be a tad oaky when first popped but it give it a little air and the fruit really comes to the front. The excellent spice notes last all the way through the long finish. You might have a hard time making this one last until day 2, but if you have the willpower it will hold up just fine. Buy a case or two and use it as your house red!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
128," BULK BUY!     Get the Vidal-Fleury plus ten other Rhone Valley wines for a great price and free shipping at Marketview Liquor!   65% Grenache, 20% Syrah, 10% Mourvèdre and 5% Carignan from Southern Rhone Valley, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $8. Imported by W.J. Deutsch and Sons Ltd.   From the bottle: ""Established in 1781 in the Northern Rhone Valley, Vidal-Fleury is the oldest continuously operating winery in the Rhone Valley. Today we vinify and age wines from the Rhones renowned appellations, focusing on the choicest terroirs. Vidal-Fleury Cotes du Rhone is a typical Southern Rhone wine, principally Grenache (65%) complemented by Syrah (20%), Mourvedre (10%) and Carignan (5%).  Food pairing: Red and white meats, pizza, barbecue, pasta and cheese.  14% Alcohol""Just like the"
129,
130," BULK BUY!     A ""Super Premium"" red blend that is a hoof above the rest.   A blend of Merlot, Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon and other select red varieties from Washington State.  SRP of $12 and widely available for $8. And when we say widely available, we mean it. You can find this one at Trader Joes, Costco, World Market and just about every other store that sells wine. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This luscious red wine will pique your interest right out of the gate with its ruby color and aromas of ripe berries and dark stone fruits. Flavors of black cherry and plum balance in perfect harmony, giving way to a soft, velvety finish.  14 Hands celebrate the spirit of the wild horses that once roamed the Columbia River Basin. Fourteen hands in height, these tough little horses were revered around the world for their strength. The terrain that once gave them endurance and spirit now feeds our vines. Our 14 Hands wines share the soul and intensity of this unbridled freedom.  13.5% Alcohol""The price segment classifications within the wine industry always crack me up. Take for example, the widely used IRI designations. Wines priced $4.99 and below fall into the ""Value"" category; wines priced $5 to $7.99 are labeled ""Premium""; wines $8 to $10.99 are classified as ""Super Premium""; wines $11 to $14.99 are called ""Ultra Premium"" and finally wines priced $15 and above fall into the ""Luxury"" category. As my six year old daughter loves to say, ""Seriously?"" It kinda sounds like a six year old made it up, doesnt it?  Boy #1: ""Check out this new premium Lego set I just got!"" Boy #2: ""Thats nothing, my Legos are super premium."" Boy #1: ""Oh yeah, well my other Legos are ultra premium!""  Regardless of the silly names, the $8 to $10.99 ""Super Premium"" category is a big one in the U.S. experiencing over 10% sales growth in 2012. And within that price segment red blends may be one of the hottest slices, with an incredible 33% sales increase in 2012. Todays featured wine is one of our favorite mass market brands in this segment.  The 2012 14 Hands Winery Hot To Trot Red Blend begins with pleasant aromas of ripe blackberry, plum, warm baking spice, a hint of vanilla and a little bramble. The wine tastes smooth, fruity and quite good. Plenty of sweet baking spice carries over from the nose along with a little vanilla and some added licorice. Its not overly complex, but boy is it tasty. Like a lot of red blends these days this one is slightly sweet but it doesnt go overboard. It ends medium-long with lots of lingering sweet tart fruit.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
131, BULK BUY!     A perennial
132," BULK BUY!     Priced for a pauper.   100% Corvina from Delle Venezie, Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review. Imported by MW Imports USA.  From the bottle: ""Re Midas Corvina is crafted from grapes grown on hillside vineyards located in the Veneto, one of Italys most picturesque and beloved regions. Composed of 100% Corvina grapes, one of the regions most cherished varieties, Re Midas has rich aromas of cherry and currant with soft, layered flavors of red berried and a touch of vanilla. Wonderful with pasta, brick oven pizza, chicken and grilled meats.  12.5% Alcohol""If it isnt obvious from our recent posts, we love to drink Italian wine in the winter. Sangiovese, Super Tuscans, Nero dAvola and more, we love them all. And while we drink them year round our consumption definitely goes up when the temperature goes down, and were having one of our coldest winters ever!   Todays wine is a bit unusual in that it is 100% Corvina, a variety that usually shows up as one component of the famed wines of Valpolicella (Amarone and Valpolicella Ripasso for example). Corvina as a stand-alone variety has been described as the Italian Beaujolais, but as someone who is not a huge fan of Beaujolais, I have to say that I much prefer the Italian version.  The 2012 Cantina di Soave Re Midas Corvina begins with a pleasant aroma of raspberry, blueberry, plum, black cherry, a little spice and some perfumed floral notes. The medium-bodied wine tastes smooth and tasty with lots of tart cherry and berry flavors. This one is really easy to drink with soft tannins and nice touches of spice. It ends dry with more tart fruit and a slight pleasant nutty note. The name Re Midas refers to King Midas who was said to have the golden touch and indeed this one is fit for a king, but costing $10 or less its also priced for a pauper!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
133," BULK BUY!     With a price under $10 and tons of pairing possibilities this is a wine youll want to keep on hand.   Zinfandel from Lodi, California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Since the 1850s, wine grapes have been flourishing in Lodis sunny days and cool nights. Fruit from select vineyards combine in Clines Zinfandel, blending flavors of dark berry, dark cherry and strawberry. Notes of spice and a lasting finish of vanilla complement the bold fruit, and supple tannins add complexity to this smooth and approachable wine. Enjoy with grilled steak, chili, and spaghetti with red sauce.  14.0% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were big fans of both Cline Cellars (see here and here) and wines from Lodi so we were excited to pop the cork on todays wine. Read on to find out if it lived up to our lofty expectations.  The 2012 Cline Cellars Lodi Zinfandel begins with a very nice aroma of dark berries, spice and vanilla. The medium-bodied wine tastes very smooth and easy to drink. This is a great everyday drinker with lots of food flexibility. Nice plum, blackberry, vanilla and a little toasty spice lead into a medium-long, dry finish featuring soft tannins.   I have to admit that at first sip I wasnt blown away by this one, but it just kept getting better as I drank it. (This, by the way, is the reason we never review wine based on brief tastings like so many other reviewers do!) With a price under $10 this is a wine youll want to keep on hand.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
134," BULK BUY!     A summer fruit salad in a bottle.   Mourvedre from Contra Costa County, California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Grown in other regions of the world, Mourvedre is a rare grape in California. It produces wines with intense fruit flavor and firm tannin structure. Our deep, sandy soil vineyards in Contra Costa County promote the luscious flavor and bright acid found in this sophisticated dry rosé. Pleasant fruit on the nose, plum, pomegranate and cherry dominate, balanced by a delicate hint of sweet anise. Serve chilled with spicy food or as an aperitif.  13.0% Alcohol""If you live in the Midwest you know its hot right now. In my neck of the woods were breaking records left and right. And while we still sneak in the occasional red wine, its just too hot to drink much of it at the moment. But frankly while I enjoy white wine, I tire of it quickly and find myself yearning for some color. The solution? Rosé! And todays wine from Cline Cellars is a delicious and super affordable option.  The 2012 Cline Cellars Mourvedre Rosé begins with an intriguing aroma of strawberry and a little earthy tomato plant. Tasting reveals a really delicious dry wine with wonderful flavors of red cherry, pomegranate, watermelon and strawberry -- a summer fruit salad in a bottle. Add in bright acidity and all kinds of food flexibility and you have a great wine for the dog days of summer. It ends with more yummy, juicy fruit that lasts in the mouth for a good long time. So good and affordable it almost makes me want this heat wave to continue!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
135," BULK BUY!     Another great wine from Washington State.   95% Merlot and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon from Columbia Valley, Washington.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Locations E-2 Spanish Red by Dave Phinney for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   SRP of $12 and available widely for as low as $7-$8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""At Columbia Crest, we combine artisan winemaking with the best vineyards in the Columbia Valley to craft world-class wines of outstanding quality and value. With layers of complexity and a rich aromatic profile, our Merlot delivers exceptional fruit flavors and a velvety-smooth texture.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Columbia Crest Grand Estates Merlot begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, plum and blackberry plus a little cola, chocolate and spice. Tasting the medium-bodied wine shows similar flavors to the nose with perhaps a bit more berry fruit. Those cola, chocolate and spice notes continue in the mouth along with vanilla and hints of coffee that lead into the finish of this very, very smooth wine. It ends long, dry and a bit dusty and earthy. This extremely tasty wine was aged in 1/3 new oak for 14 months, which is rather crazy considering it sells for around $8!    Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
136," BULK BUY!   Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     Another excellent pick from NakedWines.com plus $100 in free wine for my readers!   40% Alicante Bouschet, 30% Aragonez and 30% Trincadeira from Portugal.   SRP of $15 and available to NakedWines.com Angels for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Grapes: 40% Alicante Bouschet, 30% Trincadeira and 30% Aragonez.  Tasting Notes: Aromas of red fruits with a hint of tobacco and a warm soft structured mouthfeel.  Recommend serving at 61F.   13.0% Alcohol""Last week we introduced the NakedWines.com business model when we reviewed the Jim Olsen Fair Angel 2012, an intriguing and delicious blend of Zinfandel from Lodi, Syrah from the Sierra Foothills and Carignane from Lodi, California.  In that post we explained how NakedWines.com funds wineries and winemakers directly through investments from their ""Angels"" -- customers who put $40 into their accounts each month to be used by winemakers to create wines exclusively for NakedWines.com. These Angels also get to spend all of the money they invest, and they do so with deep discounts thanks to the elimination of middlemen and expensive marketing.   Today we have another excellent pick from NakedWines.com. The 2012 Montaria Vinho Tinto begins with pleasant and tart aromas of mixed berries and a little spice. Tasting the wine reveals loads of flavor and great depth, with more juicy tart dark berry fruit plus licorice and spice. This is a very tasty wine with a good amount of complexity, good acidity and a really high drinkability factor. It ends dry with more juicy dark fruit, spice and a bit of tobacco on the long finish.  If youd like to try NakedWines.com for yourself, we have a special affiliate link for you that will get you $100 off a purchase of $160. Check it out below!   Check out all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
137," BULK BUY!     You cant ask for much more than this for just $6.99.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Columbia Crest Horse Heaven Hills H3 Cabernet Sauvignon 2012 for just $13.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   100% Organically grown Monastrell from Jumilla, Murcia, Spain.  Purchased for $6.99. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. See all of our Trader Joes picks here.   From the bottle: ""Albero Monastrell represents Spains finest. Hand-selected certified organically grown grapes. Albero Monastrell is perfect when enjoying with friends or in giving the gift of wine.  Location: Jumilla, Spain. Grapes grown in the hills just west of Spains Mediterranean coast near Valencia.  Enjoy with: Ideal with grilled meats and vegetables, Spanish cheeses & tapas and ethnic foods.  Tasting notes: Dark cherry red. Bouquet pf spice box, violets and blackberries. Powerful in the mouth, smooth, fruity and well-balanced.  Vegan. 14% Alcohol""One of the things I love about Trader Joes wine selection is that they dont just specialize in the big name grapes like Cabernet and Chardonnay. TJs buyers understand that a lot of the best values are found in the varieties that dont get much attention. Todays wine is a great case in point.   The Jumilla region in Spain lies along the Mediterranean coast in the southeastern part of the country. Hot and dry, it doesnt seem like a great place to grow grapes but its unique soils help to retain moisture and the higher altitude of the region helps offset some of the heat. The grape that really thrives heres is Monastrell, known as Mourvedre in most other regions, and it accordingly makes up about 80% of the vineyard land. Today weve got a great, inexpensive example of this variety that comes from Spains oldest estate winery, Iranzo Fields, in a label (Albero) created exclusively for Trader Joes.    The 2013 Albero Monastrell begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, blueberry, black cherry, grape jam and a little spice and menthol. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals more juicy blackberry and black cherry jam. A soft and smooth texture helps to make it easy to drink while excellent notes of spice, cola, black pepper and minerality offer enough complexity to keep it interesting. It ends dry and long. Ive seen some mixed reports on previous vintages but the 2013 really hit me right -- you cant ask for much more than this for just $6.99.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
138," BULK BUY!     A Pinot Noir For The 99 from Trader Joes.   Pinot Noir from Marlborough and Nelson, South Island, New Zealand.  Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $7.99.   From the bottle: ""This wine is made from grapes grown in Marlborough and Nelson. Picton Bay Pinot Noir is fresh with delicious red fruit flavours, enticing aromas and a smooth, fine texture. Drink now or cellar until 2016.  13.5% Alcohol""In our opinion theres way too much over-priced Pinot Noir out there. Unfortunately, inexpensive and easy drinking bottles are hard to come by so when we find them we like to call them out in a series we call Pinot Noir For The 99. And todays pick from Trader Joes fits the bill perfectly.  The 2013 Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir begins with pleasant aromas of black and red cherry, spice, licorice and strawberry with a hint of earth. Tasting this easy drinking light to medium-bodied wine reveals similar flavors of red and black cherry, a nice bit of spice and some cola notes. We love New Zealand Pinot Noir because of the fantastic value (just check out the #1 ranked wine on our current Top 10 Reds list) and this bottle is half or less of what you would normally pay for a NZ wine of this quality. (Which is in turn less than half of what youd pay for the same quality from Oregon or California.)  For me where a lot of cheap Pinot Noir falls apart is the lack any well developed spice notes and/or the finish and this wine does well in both categories. At only $8 this is a"
139," BULK BUY!     Now this is a Reverse Wine Snob Certified Summertime Sipper™ if there ever was one!*   A non-vintage, semi-sparkling blend of 90% Torrontes and 10% Sauvignon Blanc from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of around $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Quintessential Wines.  From the bottle: ""Argentinas most popular white wine is a refreshing blend of 10% Sauvignon Blanc and 90% Torrontes. The intense fruit and floral aromas lead to a soft, sensual wine. New Age should be enjoyed chilled by itself or as a ""Tincho"". The ""Tincho"", one of the most popular cocktails in Argentina, is created by pouring New Age over ice and garnishing with a lime wedge. Cheers!  9.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is a Reverse Wine Snob Certified Summertime Sipper™ if there ever was one!* When the temperature really heats up I cant think of many wines that would be more refreshing than this bubbly little number from Valentin Bianchi, the winery you may remember from earlier this week: Elsa Bianchi Malbec and Torrontes 2012 - Value Defined.   The New Age White begins with a pleasant, peachy aroma that also features a little tropical fruit. Tasting the wine reveals sweet yet crisp flavors of peach, pear and mango and a really nice effervescence that cuts down the sweetness nicely. Youll also find good acidity in this very refreshing wine. And I love the low alcohol so you dont have to be too concerned if youre quaffing it down on a really hot day. As the label says you can even serve it over ice with a lime, called the Tincho in Argentina. While its not very complex this is definite"
140,"  60% Grenache Noir, 25% Syrah and 15% Mourvedre from Paso Robles and Santa Ynez Valley, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $19. Sample received courtesy Andrew Murray Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Espérance"" translates into ""Hope"" from French to English. With this wine, we hope to not only recreate the great red wines of southern France, but we further hope to craft a wine that will inspire your senses the way we were inspired over a decade ago.   The 2009 Esperance is the fulfillment of a dream to produce a rich, red wine blend that rivals the famed wines of Gigondas, in the southern Rhône Valley, while retaining an Andrew Murray Vineyards house style.  This vintage was given a more serious winemaking regimen with more new oak. I also chose a bigger Syrah to blend in with the Grenache and Mourvedre, so the resulting wine is a bit more profound. I believe this is perhaps the best Espérance that we have ever released. All of the extra effort has yielded a rich, concentrated wine with aromas and flavors of ultra-ripe strawberries, black cherries, and blueberries, mixed in with the spiciness of cinnamon and vanilla from the toasty new French oak. We chose to close the bottle with the Stelvin ScrewCap to preserve the freshness and avoid off flavors. It is a blend of 60% Grenache, 25% Syrah, and 15% Mourvedre that is 100% delicious.  450 cases produced. 15.0% AlcoholIf youve been reading this site for any length of time, you know Im a huge fan of Andrew Murray Vineyards. Recently weve reviewed a number of the new vintages. These include:    Quite a delicious group! The Tous Les Jours Syrah: A Simply Stunning"
141,"   If people knew Merlot could taste like this, theyd drink a heck of a lot more of it.   100% Merlot from Saint-Emilion, Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $19 and available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Winelovers worldwide know that over the last decade Saint Emilion has become the unrivaled hotbed of winemaking innovation. This cutting edge wine confirms that trend! From vineyard management to winemaking, the Juliens have pushed the enological envelope.  From their remarkable 3.3-acre vineyard in eastern Saint Emilion which boasts 50 year old vines, the Juliens manually harvest their fruit at an optimum ripeness in a matter of hours. Yields are tiny and the resulting wine concentrated. It is aged on its lees for 6 months in Taransaud and Darnajou barrels, so as to preserve a maximum of fresh and vibrant fruit. Just 660 cases of this 100% Merlot wine were bottled unfined and unfiltered in July 2011.  15% Alcohol""Saint Emilion is one of the most prestigious areas in Bordeaux and the prices of the wines often show it. The area has a long history of winemaking, going back to the Roman times. The most predominant varieties grown here are Merlot (65% of the plantings) and Cabernet Franc. Todays wine actually comes from 50 year old vines and offers an amazing price for this area.   One other distinction to note is that ""Saint-Emilion has four satellites: Lussac-Saint-Emilion, Saint-Georges-Saint-Emilion, Puisseguin-Saint-Emilion and Montagne-Saint-Emilion. These cover distinct, slightly smaller areas immediately to the north-east of Saint-Emilion proper, and each has its own independent appellation title."" Many times, the less expensive wines you see will come from one of these appellations, but todays wine does not. (Info taken from Wine-Searcher here.)   The 2010 Chateau La Fleur Morange Mathilde begins with a wonderful and complex aroma featuring dark fruit, licorice, spearmint, earth, cola, and a little vanilla. Wow! The wine tastes delicious with tons of jammy fruit but this is no one trick wonder. Many of the other flavors from the nose carry over as well - licorice, earthy notes and cola in particular plus youll find some added cedar, cocoa and tobacco. There is also wonderfully integrated spice notes, great acidity and a lush, smooth mouthfeel. It ends dry with good length. I love it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130829"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Chateau La Fleur Morange Mathilde"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/chateau-la-fleur-morange-mathilde.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
142,"   A required entry on your next Costco shopping list.  85% Cabernet Sauvignon, 11% Merlot, 3% Syrah and 1% Malbec from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $28 and available for $19 at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""At Franciscan Estate, we devote ourselves to crafting wines from our estate vineyards and other cooler vineyards of Napa Valley for rich flavor and supple body. Aged for 20 months in small oak barrels, this Cabernet Sauvignon generously  offers aromas of black cherry and plum with notes of cedar on a lingering, velvety finish.  13.5% Alcohol""There are just a few days to go until Thanksgiving and Im sure many of you will be making a trip to Costco in the next few days. For your wine buying convenience, today and tomorrow well be highlighting a couple fantastic wines that are widely available at Costco locations. Up first weve got a Napa Valley Cabernet from Franciscan Estate. You may remember this winery from the excellent and delicious Meritage we reviewed a few weeks back: 2008 Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Magnificat Meritage - Marvelous! We loved this Bordeaux style blend of 69% Cabernet Sauvignon, 23% Merlot, 6% Petit Verdot and 2% Malbec. Lets see if todays single varietal Cabernet is in the same class...  The 2010 Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with simply wonderful aromas of blackberry, plum, vanilla, dried herbs, violets and a little toasty oak. Basically the more you smell this one, the more you find! The wine tastes rich, smooth and silky and strikes the perfect balance between oak and fruit, something that is quite hard to do. Speaking of the fruit, youll find lots of delicious plum and blackberry in this one. Youll also get a wonderful full, dry mouthfeel. It ends dry, fruity and fantastic with good length and some mocha notes at the very end.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121119"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/franciscan-estate-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
143,"   Rich, deep and smooth.   Syrah from El Dorado, Sierra Foothills, California.  SRP of $30 and purchased for $15.   From the bottle: ""We have devoted ourselves to creating a legacy of fine wines that reflect our beautiful land. As you savor our wines, may they be most memorable. -Victor & Cheryl Alvarez  14.9% Alcohol""If youve read The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time then you know that Im a big fan of Syrah. Take for example our recent"
144,"  Pinot Noir from the Russian River Valley, Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $21. Available widely for $19 and for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Ninety Plus Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Story: Cool and foggy vineyards may not appeal to the tourist, but Pinot Noir is in love with them. Gentle breezes and ocean mist from the nearby Pacific meander through Sonomas Russian River Valley shielding the delicate Pinot from the sultry California sunshine. Here, Pinot Noir thrives, and the winery where this bottle was born makes some of the best. Maybe one day well be as famous.  Taste: Intricate aromas of black cherry, raspberry, and plums encircled by an aura of sweet spice and divine earthiness. Medium bodied and impeccably balanced, this Pinot Noir will measure up to any wine thats twice the price. Pour yourself a glass, sit back, sip, and savor.  90+ Cellars is wine with a pedigree of high ratings from the worlds most respected wineries that you can buy for a fraction of the original cost.  14.2% Alcohol""This is the fourth Ninety Plus Cellars wine weve reviewed to date: 90+ Cellars Lot 23 Old Vine Malbec 2010 - Magnificent Malbec 90+ Cellars Lot 35 Tempranillo Cabernet Sauvignon Crianza 2007 - Blackberry, Spice and Everything Nice 90+ Cellars Reserve Lot 57 Rosso Toscana 2009 - A Delicious and Affordable Super Tuscan Todays wine comes from the Russian River Valley, a wine growing region within Sonoma County in California. Parts of this area are very close to the Pacific Ocean which creates a cool morning fog and night-time temperatures that drop as much as 40 degrees from the daytime high. These characteristics make it an ideal place to grow Chardonnay and Pinot Noir grapes. In fact, while this area accounts for about 1/6th of the total vineyard acreage in Sonoma County, it represents almost 20% of the total Pinot Noir plantings in all of California.  The 2008 Ninety Plus (90+) Cellars Reserve Lot 56 Russian River Valley Pinot Noir begins with an excellent aroma of black cherry, earth, spice and violet. Somehow the wine tastes even better than it smells with delicious fruit, nice spice, good acidity and balance and a wonderful smooth texture with a bit of chalkiness to it. It finishes nicely with medium length. You cant ask for much more than this in a sub $20 Pinot Noir. Eminently drinkable and highly recommended.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120906"",  ""title"" : ""Ninety Plus (90+) Cellars Reserve Lot 56 Russian River Valley Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/ninety-plus-90-cellars-lot-56-russian-river-valley-pinot-noir.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
145,"  SRP of $20, but previous vintages have been found as low as $15-$16, a fantastic deal. Sample received courtesy Bonny Doon Vineyard for review purposes.  From the bottle:""2008 Central Coast Syrah  La syrah, the French say - syrah is deeply and elementally feminine. It is perfumed elegance; enchanting and captivating rather than overpowering. One is disarmed by its freshness, its strangeness. Like Borges Zahir, syrah makes an indelible impression. One will wander the world till the end of ones days with its sublime, haunting fragrance gradually displacing all thoughts and memories, including the knowledge of ones own name.  We aspire to produce wines in a more unaffected, hands-off style, with minimum winemaking intervention or manipulation. Equally we are committed to greater transparency. To this end, we append a list of ingredients used in the production of this wine. For more information, we encourage terrestrial visitations of our Cellar Door in Santa Cruz and communications with the Mothership telephonically at 881.819.6789 and aetherially at www.bonnydoonvineyard.com.  Ingredients: grapes, tartaric acid and sulfur dioxide.  In the winemaking process, the following were utilized: indigenous yeast, yeast nutrients, untoasted oak chips, and French oak barrels.  At time of bottling, this product contained: 65 ppm total SO2 and 25 ppm free SO2""First off, I love that Bonny Doon lists all the ingredients they use in making their wine, including all their additives. If you do a google search on the additives in wine, you quickly find some rather disconcerting stuff, so its refreshing to see this type of transparency from a winemaker.  Moving onto the wine the first thing that stands out is the aroma. Here are my exact notes: ""Wow, wow, wow, and WOW!"" You can smell this easily and wonderfully just being in the same general area as the glass and it just sucks you in like an irresistible force. Dark berries, flowers, and a little pepper combine in a fragrant and amazingly strong aroma I could smell all day! The 2008 Bonny Doon Vineyard Le Pousseur Central Coast Syrah doesnt disappoint in taste either. Rich, full bodied, dark fruit, without too much acidity and complemented by a smooth earthiness. It all ends with a savory, tannic finish. Fantastic, and a sure bet for the first half of the next Top 10 list.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110527"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Bonny Doon Vineyard Le Pousseur Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };   "
146,"  85% Shiraz, 5% Petit Verdot, 5% Cabernet Sauvignon, 3% Viognier and 2% Tempranillo from McLaren Vale, Australia.  This wine has an SRP of $19 but is available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Since 1912, four generations of the Osborn family have tended the 19th century vineyards surrounding dArenberg, their winery in McLaren Vale, South Australia. A wild grass, the Lovegrass, often grows in the vineyards surrounding the winery. During vintage, the sticky, Velcro-like, long stemmed flowers of the Lovegrass affectionately attach themselves to the vineyards workers socks. They even get caught in Coco, the winery dogs coat and have yet to be brushed out by chief winemaker, Chester Osborn. This Shiraz will linger with you in much the same way as the sticky flowers do and, as such, the family thought it fitting to name this wine The Lovegrass. Concentrated Shiraz grapes were gently crushed followed by fermentation in dArenbergs headed down open fermenters (where the traditional foot treading in water clad feet takes place). The juice and skins were then basket pressed using our 19th century presses into American and French oak for twelve months maturation. Natural minimum processing ensures maximum flavour which may result in a harmless deposit in, and adhering to, the bottle.  14.5% Alcohol""Everybody loves bacon, right? It seems like just about everything has been ""baconized"" nowadays...Bacon Soap, Bacon Band-aids, Bacon Toothpaste, Bacon Salt...so why not wine? (Actually Im genuinely surprised this hasnt been done.) This is definitely not a ""bacon"" wine; however, but it does have just a touch of bacon flavor to it. Read on...  When I started to jot down my tasting notes for the 2008 dArenberg The Love Grass Shiraz I found myself writing things like: Big. Fruity. Savory. Smooth. I could go on, but lets just say this wine is darn good. It begins with aromas of red fruit, spice, cinnamon, and believe it or not, a touch of bacon or smoked meat. Tasting the wine, it starts fruity with flavors of plum, blackberry and raspberry. After that black pepper and spice take over, which then resolve into some lasting berry flavors and finally even some chocolate notes that linger in the mouth. Excellent. Give this one a bit of time to open up and you will be rewarded for it.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111013"",  ""title"" : ""dArenberg The Love Grass Shiraz 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };   "
147,"  100% Aglianico from Irpinia, Campania, Italy.  SRP of $18 and available widely for around $15. Sample received courtesy Palm Bay International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Feudi di San Gregorio has revolutionized winemaking in Southern Italys Campania region, placing a modern spin on ancient varieties. Near legendary Mt. Vesuvius, grapes achieve their peak in volcanic soil. Brilliant ruby with notes of wild raspberries and dark cherries.  13.5% Alcohol""Aglianico is a grape grown in two areas of Italy, Campania (where todays wine is from) and Basilicata. This is a black skinned grape that was thought to have been brought to Italy by the Greeks hundreds of years ago, but recent DNA testing (yes they even do DNA testing on grapes!) has not shown any relation to known Greek varieties.   In any case, Aglianico can produce some really delicious wine that has good aging potential. You really wouldnt expect less from a grape grown in Campania, an area of Italy that includes such gorgeous areas as Naples and the Amalfi Coast.  The 2008 Feudi di San Gregorio Rubrato Aglianico begins with aromas of ripe red and black fruit but it also has a bit of a floral and herb component that features notes of mint. A very nice bouquet. This smooth wine tastes fresh, with bright fruit (strawberry and wild cherry) and is very flavorful without coming anywhere near fruit bomb territory. It finishes with lots of thick spice underlying the fruit and those mint notes from the bouquet come out at the very end. A perfect match for some tasty rustic Italian food.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120620"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Feudi di San Gregorio Rubrato Aglianico"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
148,"  100% Tempranillo from Castilla y Leon (Duero Valley), Spain.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Masaveu Bodegas for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Mas de Leda is a wine that beautifully captures the philosophy of our winery, as it is sourced from a careful selection of low-yielding Tempranillo vineyards planted in the Duero River Valley in northern Spain. Expressive and well-balanced, Mas de Leda contains enticing flavors of red forest berries, black licorice, sweet spice and toasted notes. The perfect accompaniment to any kind of roasted or grilled meat, this wine is best served at a temperature between 60-63°F.  14.5% Alcohol""Were big fans of Spanish wine here at The Reverse Wine Snob. The Duero Valley in Spain is one area that he havent explored as much as we should however. Similar to Rioja in the quality of wines produced, this area is well regarded for making delicious and age-worthy red wines, primarily from the Tempranillo grape, or Tinto Fino as it is known locally. And as it turns out, todays wine reminds us of one of our favorites from Rioja.  The 2008 Mas de Leda Vino Tempranillo de la Tierra de Castilla y Leon begins with a very nice aroma of caramel, cinnamon and sugar, red cherry, blackberry and lots and lots of licorice. Initially dominated by the caramel and cinnamon, the fruit comes more the the front as the wine has time to breathe. The wine tastes succulent and smooth with some pretty substantial oaky notes initially in the form of sweet caramel and cinnamon. Just like the bouquet the red fruit flavors and licorice become much more prominent as it opens up. It ends with dry, big and grippy tannins, good fruit and spice and then more of those deliciously sweet caramel and cinnamon notes that turn to coffee at the very end.  Quite simple, this is another supremely delicious Spanish wine for less than $20. It reminds me quite a bit of the current #2 wine on our Top 10 Reds lists, the Vina Eguia Rioja Reserva "
149,"  98% Cabernet Sauvignon and 2% Merlot from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $26 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This sophisticated, full-bodied Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon combines flavors of ripe blackberry, cherry, clove and cedar while pleasant toasty oak notes linger on the finish. May be enjoyed now or cellared for additional complexity. This opulent wine complements any beef dish and other grilled or roasted red meats.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is another from Napa Cellars, a producer that is quickly making my short list. If you remember we first sampled the Napa Cellars Merlot and were quite frankly blown away. We followed that up with their excellent Zinfandel. And today we come to the Cabernet Sauvignon. To be honest, when these wines first arrived I was a little wary of the quality because all these bottles are so heavy! It must have been my cynical side, because I was worried they were just trying to create the impression of a really expensive wine without really delivering. I know now there are no worries about the quality at all.  The 2008 Napa Cellars Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with delicious aromas of berries, spice, licorice, violet and a little chocolate. I could smell this one all day. The wine tastes smooth with luscious fruit flavors. It also features wonderful, integrated tannins and great structure. The flavors when tasting (berries, licorice and spice) are the same as bouquet but the spice is more prominent. It ends with a long, lingering finish of fruit and spice with just a hint of dark chocolate. This is a really excellent wine. Even at $16 this wine is a steal and will have your guests thinking you spent twice as much.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120511"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Napa Cellars Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
150,"   Spain + Washington = Delicious.   42% Monastrell, 37% Tempranillo and 21% Garnacha from Yakima Valley, Washington.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $16. 211 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Parejas (pa-rāy-hăs) means partners. Our mission is to provide the wine enthusiast a new partnership between their wine and their food choices.  This intriguing blend of WA grown ""Spanish origin"" varietals opens with aromas of cherries, mixed red and black berries, plums, currants, vanilla and smoky spices. All these aromatics follow throughout the palate and intertwine to create a long lasting celebration of flavors!  This intriguing wine partners effortlessly with spiced cuisines, family and friends...Salute!  13.9% Alcohol""We havent covered a lot of Washington State wine to date here at The Reverse Wine Snob but todays wine is a prime example of why wed like to taste more. Parejas Cellars is a boutique winery in Yakima Valley that focuses on producing wine from Spanish varietals at great prices. And if the Tres Rojas de Mesa is any indication, they are succeeding mightily at their mission.  Better yet, to offer even more value to readers of The Reverse Wine Snob the owner of Parejas Cellars, Mark Wysling, has graciously offered a 15% discount on any size order if you simply mention The Reverse Wine Snob when placing your order via phone or email. Check out the Parejas Cellas website for instructions on ordering.   The 2008 Parejas Cellars Tres Rojas de Mesa begins with a very pleasant aroma of black cherry, raspberry, plum, vanilla and some earthy leathery notes. The wine tastes smooth and spicy with lots of juicy mixed berry flavors, a wonderful persistent spicy streak and a smooth and very drinkable texture. Theres also  a little licorice and dark chocolate under the fruit in this fabulously tasty wine. It ends dry with rich spicy fruit that lasts for a very long time. The whole thing was even better on day 2. We were quite sad to see this bottle empty...highly, highly recommended!   Buy this wine direct from Parejas Cellas and mention The Reverse Wine Snob in your phone or email order to receive 15% off any size order! Or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140110"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Parejas Cellars Tres Rojas de Mesa"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/parejas-cellars-tres-rojas-de-mesa.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
151,"  80% Shiraz, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon from Coonawarra, South Australia.  SRP of $20 but available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""THE VISION: Penley Estate crafts super premium wines at our Coonawarra winery, from estate grown grapes.   THE NAME: Penley was born out of our family names of Penfold and Tolley, synonymous with 160 years of winemaking tradition. Distinguished by its grace and enormous stamina, the condor symbolizes Penleys determination, energy and quiet persistence towards winemaking excellence.   THE WINE: Shiraz gives blackberry and spice to the nose, cabernet sauvignon gives flavours of cassis. The style is full bodied, complex and traditionally Australian. Enjoy in 1 to 5 years.   THE COONAWARRA DISTRICT: Penley is situated in the heart of Coonawarra. Shallow terra rossa over limestone.   THE WINEMAKER: Experience was earnt, tradition was given, but my wines reflect what I feel, Kym Tolley.  15.0% Alcohol""The 2008 Penley Estate Condor Coonawarra Shiraz Cabernet Sauvignon offers complex aromas of ripe fruit, all kinds of berry notes, black pepper, spice and a little vanilla. This is a smooth tasting wine featuring juicy blackberry flavors and a bit of oak. It offers a rich flavor with a nice mouth-coating texture. The finish? Well, lets just say this is my kind of finish with wonderful spicy tannins that last and last and some yummy underlying blackberry fruit. Delicious!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111103"",  ""title"" : ""Penley Estate Condor 2008 Coonawarra Shiraz Cabernet"",  ""permalink"" : """" };   "
152,"   Rich and spicy, that is.  Shiraz from King Valley, North East Victoria, Australia.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $15.   From the bottle: ""Throughout the Victorian goldfields in the 1880s many a miners dispute was resolved with a bout of fisticuffs. These contests took place in a small clearing in the bush, which became known as the ""Fighting Flat"". Today, we select grapes from vineyards close to many of the abandoned gold mines.  The Fighting Flat Shiraz is made from grapes taken off a high altitude, single site vineyard in the King Valley. The cool ripening process has produced a wine which is elegant, vibrant and deep red in colour. A medium to full bodied wine showing aromas and flavours typical of this alpine region. This is a wine to be enjoyed now or cellared for up to 7 years. Perfect with game pie or a hearty roast.  14.5% Alcohol ""The 2008 Redbank Fighting Flat King Valley Shiraz begins with a really pleasant aroma of spice, spice and more spice along with plum, mulberry and cranberry. Tasting the wine reveals lots of rich fruit and boatloads more spice. There are also nice touches of cedar and mint along with fine tannins in this medium to full-bodied wine. It ends with good length. A fantastic wine for the beginning of the fall season!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130918"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Redbank Fighting Flat King Valley Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/redbank-fighting-flat-king-valley-shiraz.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
153,"   Silky, smoky and savory.  100% Syrah from Central Coast, California (56% Alamo Creek, 32% Bien Nacido and 12% Chaquera vineyards).  SRP of $25 but available for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""La syrah, the French say - syrah is deeply and elementally feminine. It is perfumed elegance; enchanting and captivating rather than overpowering. One is disarmed by its freshness, its strangeness. Like Borges Zahir, syrah makes an indelible impression. One will wander the world till the end of ones days with its sublime, haunting fragrance gradually displacing all thoughts and memories, including the knowledge of ones own name.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the latest vintage of a wine we previously enjoyed immensely, the  2008 Bonny Doon Vineyard ""Le Pousseur"" Syrah - An Aroma So Big It Generates Its Own Gravitational Pull. And while the end result this year is similar (we love this wine) this years vintage gets there in a different way and is a great example of vintage variation.   The 2009 Bonny Doon Vineyard ""Le Pousseur"" Syrah begins with wonderful aromas of smoked meat, black cherry, plum and anise -- it only takes one sniff to know that is one serious Syrah. Tasting the wine quickly proves your nose is on target. This is a silky smooth and savory number with loads of dark fruit, licorice and even a bit of bacon. Add in good acidity and soft tannins and you have a wine that is simply a pleasure to drink and another reason I love Syrah so. It ends with long lasting mineral notes peaking though the fruit and lingering in the mouth. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130117"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Bonny Doon Vineyard Le Pousseur Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/bonny-doon-vineyard-le-pousseur-syrah.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
154,"  100% Shiraz from South Africa. Available for around $15.  Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle:""The legend of Boschendals wines goes as far back as 1685.  Only grapes from specially selected vineyards in the mountainous areas of the coastal region are used to make the Boschendal Shiraz.  The elevated vineyards produce low yields to ensure great fruit quality. The style is classic, with the wine maturing in French oak for 14 months. The result a wine with deep black fruit flavors, an elegant structure and notes of exotic spice.  14.0% Alcohol""If you followed my Chardonnay Showdown posts then you may remember that the Boschendal Chardonnay came out with the highest ranking in that competition. Today we have a another wine from Boschendal, and even though were tasting a red wine this time my expectations going in were still high and this wine met them.  The 2009 Boschendal 1685 Shiraz begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, raspberry, spice, and a little bit of oak and vanilla. The wine has a really nice taste of black cherry and other dark fruit plus a little licorice. This Shiraz has great structure with a nice base of fruit and then layers of other flavors on top. My favorite part of the wine was the finish which features a great explosion of spicy pepper but at the same time the great fruit flavors still linger underneath for a long time.  A really enjoyable wine to drink. We have ourselves another winner! Boschendal has established itself (in my mind at least) as a South African winery you should definitely check out.  Other recommended buys from Boschendal: 2009 Boschendal 1685 Sauvignon Blanc Grande Cuvée - Complex and Creamy 2009 Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay - Hello, Its Very Nice to Meet You Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay Pinot Noir 2010 - A One-Of-A-Kind Combo Youll Want More Than Once  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111003"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Boschendal 1685 Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : """" };   "
155,"  100% Organic Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. SRP of $15 and available at that price.  Sample received courtesy Marquee Selections for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our grapes grow in our own organic vineyards, at the foot of the majestic Andes Range at 900m above sea level. Here the sun pours into our remarkably elegant wines, which fully capture the unique flavor of the upper valley of the Mendoza river.  Our Reserve Malbec shows ripe plums and complex floral aromas. The large, ample palate continues with smooth berries and notes of chocolate with mocha. The long, velvety finish will bring you back for more. Pair with grilled meats, pizza, or your next BBQ.  Origin: Finca La Marolina, Mayor Drummond, Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza.  Altitude: 900m above sea level.  Soil: Limestone, excellent drainage, low in organic matter.  Vine Age: Vineyard planted in 1930.  Cellaring: It can be stored for over 4 years under appropriate conditions (cool, dark and dry cellar, in horizontal position).  Made with organically grown grapes.  13.9% Alcohol""Today we have another wine from Caligiore -- we previously reviewed the Staccato Malbec/Cabernet blend that currently resides on the Top 10 list, so expectations with this one were high. We actually opened this up along with several other wines at a little tasting party we hosted and this wine was very well received. In fact, the people who arrived fashionably late didnt even get a chance to try it as this wine was emptied far before any others. Always a good sign.  The 2009 Caligiore Reserve Malbec begins with nice aromas of berry, vanilla and spice along with some floral notes. The wine tastes of blackberry along with lots of spice and vanilla. This is a dense meaty wine with great flavor and a rich, full texture. The wine ends with a dry, strong finish that features gripping tannins and nice fruit flavor that lasts a long time. Sure to please even the most serious red wine drinkers.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110926"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Caligiore Reserve Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
156," Five Favorite Montefalco Rosso under $20 including a BULK BUY!     Ill take my Sangiovese with Sagrantino please.   Montefalco Rosso? Sagrantino? Unfortunately these words dont mean much to the average wine drinker, but in todays post well try to show you why you should get to know them!  Montefalco is a special place in Umbria. Special for many reasons, but the one that concerns us today is the Sagrantino grape. This grape is only grown in the Montefalco area, and a unique grape it is with very low yields, extremely thick skins (and accordingly extremely high polyphenols), a very late ripening character, no known relationship to any other grape varieties in Italy and the ability to age quite gracefully, earning the nickname ""The Jewel of Umbria"".    Of course all of this comes with a high price tag, as we discovered in our Saturday Splurge review of the Arnaldo-Caprai Collepiano Sagrantino di Montefalco 2005. No worries however -- were not turning our back on our Reverse Wine Snob tendencies. Instead today were featuring a way to sample this wonder grape without leaving our price range: Montefalco Rosso.  Montefalco Rosso wines are required to contain 60-70% Sangiovese, 10-15% Sagrantino and 15-30% other varieties such as Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. You might be wondering (as we were) if only 10-15% Sagrantino can really make that much a difference but surprisingly it absolutely does. Unfortunately, even though there is about twice the amount of Montefalco Rosso produced as there is Montefalco Sagrantino they can still be quite hard to find in the United States. There are a few reasons for this, the main one being that most of the wine never makes it out of Umbria as it is consumed locally! In addition, in todays economy importers are reluctant to bring in new wines that consumers are unfamiliar with, which is a shame.  So today we are highlighting five wines that have at least some distribution in the United States. Though they may still be hard to find, we encourage you to seek these out and experience the magic of Sagrantino!   First up is the 2009 Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso, a blend of 60% Sangiovese, 25% Merlot and 15% Sagrantino from Montefalco, Umbria, Italy. Available for as low as $17. 55,000 bottles produced. Imported by Selected Estates of Europe. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Merlot grapes are hand-picked around the end of September and fermented  at controlled temperature into stainless steel tanks. The wine ages in wooden barrels for 8 months prior  to bottling and commercial release.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Azienda Agraria Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso smells of black cherry, spice, cola, licorice and dried herbs. These are some deep aromas, give your glass a good swirl to really enjoy them, and it gets even more expressive the more air it gets. Tasting reveals the perfect balance of tart dark fruit and oak along with a wonderful mouthfeel featuring soft yet grippy tannins. It ends dry with more luscious tart fruit that lingers for a long time. This is a really tasty wine that is super enjoyable to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 8."
157,"  80% Merlot, 12% Cabernet Franc, 5% Cabernet Sauvignon and 3% Malbec from New Zealand.  SRP of $21.99 and available for as low as $15.99. Sample received courtesy Gregory White PR for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Craggy Range is a family owned winery specializing in the production of single vineyard wines. Te Kahu (tek kaahoo) means ""the cloak"" and takes its name from the cloak of mist that covers the hills around our Giants winery. This traditional wine is a proprietary blend of different red grapes grown in our Gimblett Gravels Vineyard. The proportions change to reflect every vintage and to ensure our ""house style"" is preserved. Te Kahu is a wine of richness, with lovely black fruit flavours, hints of spice and a long, fine graceful finish.  14.0% Alcohol""When most people think of New Zealand wine, Sauvignon Blanc (or perhaps Pinot Noir) is the first thing to come to mind. And while New Zealand can certainly make a great Sauvignon Blanc (well review the Craggy Range Sauvignon Blanc tomorrow) thats certainly not the only special wine coming out of this country. Todays Bordeaux style blend is Exhibit A.  The 2009 Craggy Range Single Vineyard Te Kahu Hawkes Bay Gimblett Gravels Vineyard Proprietary Red begins with an enticing bouquet of plum, blackberry, spice and a little vanilla. The wine tastes smooth and rich with luscious fruit flavors. This wine also has well integrated and dusty tannins that really enhance its easy-to-drink nature while also adding a nice level of complexity. The dry finish features fruit and spice notes which last for a while. Honestly, I was really blown away by this one and if I could have found it for just a couple dollars less it would have received a"
158,"  65% Grenache Noir, 17% Syrah, 11% Cinsault, 4% Carignan and 4% Mourvèdre from Rhône Valley, France.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Domaine de la Renjarde is owned by the Richard family, proprietors of Château La Nerthe (Châteauneuf-de-Pape) and Prieuré de Montézargues (Tavel). Christian Voeux is the wine maker and manager of all three famous estates. Our 40+ year old vineyard combines all traditional grape varieties for the Southern Rhône Valley. With a deep, purple colour, our wines combine red fruit and spicy aromas with particularly soft tannins.  14.3% Alcohol""Lets face it, French wine can be intimidating. With the long names, famous regions, and stories of bottles worth thousand of dollars it may seem like most French wine is inaccessible, or that the wine available for under $20 must not be very good. Luckily for us that is not true, and there is a TON of wonderful French blends available in our price point. Todays wine is a perfect example.  The 2009 Domaine de la Renjarde Massif dUchaux Côtes du Rhône Villages begins with fragrant aromas of blackberry, plum, spice and lilacs. The wine tastes excellent with silky black cherry and plum flavors along with some light herbal notes and light tannins. The wine has good balance and ends with a little bit of spice and then the black cherry and plum notes last for a really long time. A great choice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111114"",  ""title"" : ""Domaine de la Renjarde Massif dUchaux Côtes du Rhône Villages 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };   "
159,"  100% Merlot from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Napa Cellars 2009 Merlot opens with aromas of fresh, ripe plums that intertwine with coffee and chocolate. Vibrant flavors of blackberries and spice join supple, mild tannins with a long, luscious finish. Enjoy with grilled red meats, hamburgers, tuna and swordfish, pizza and stews.  14.2% Alcohol""It seems like ever since the movie ""Sideways"" Merlot has gotten a bad name; well, maybe even before that thanks to some of the poor quality wine that was being produced. Rest assured, there is still plenty of good Merlot out there -- actually not just good, but really good and even great. (And it really can be great, take for example the Palarea Merlot.) This grape certainly hasnt lost its ability to make truly tasty wines, and on top of that, you dont necessarily have to pay Pinot Noir prices to get it. Want some proof? Crack open todays excellent wine.  The 2009 Napa Cellars Napa Valley Merlot begins with great aromas of plum, blackberry, lots of pepper and spice and a little vanilla and cinnamon. The wine tastes big, rich and fruity. This is a fruit forward wine with lots of delicious blackberry flavor. It also has a little bit of olive. The wine finishes with a good kick of spice that is quite nice. The oak comes through a bit on the finish, but it is not overdone and toasty oak notes linger for quite awhile. This one is not quite as good day 2 so pop it open at your next party and impress your guests with a Napa Valley Merlot that theyll think costs much, much more than $16.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120221"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Napa Cellars Napa Valley Merlot"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
160,"  88% Zinfandel and 12% Petit Sirah from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Deep dark ruby-purple, this classic Napa Valley Zinfandel reveals intense aromas of ripe blackberries, strawberry jam, cinnamon and black pepper spice. The palate follows with juicy, rounded fruit flavors that mingle with layers of warm sweet oak. Our Napa Cellars Zinfandel is a perfect match with grilled and barbequed meats.   14.5% Alcohol""Zinfandel is quite popular these days. I love the big and bold taste characteristic of many of these wines but a lot of Zin just seems to go overboard. Todays wine, while definitely still a ""big"" wine, manages to add some balance. The result is a supremely drinkable and delicious vino for everyone.  The 2009 Napa Cellars Napa Valley Zinfandel begins with a complex and enticing aroma of blackberry, black pepper, strawberry, rhubarb and cinnamon. The wine tastes rich with a silky texture and features juicy mixed berry flavors plus soft tannins. Theres a little oaky spice on the long finish that resolves into lingering berry and chocolate notes. Very good and it gets even better with some air.  For another excellent wine from Napa Cellars also check out the 2009 Merlot: ""A Napa Valley Merlot That Will Make You Forget About Over-Priced Pinot Noir.""  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120404"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Napa Cellars Napa Valley Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
161,"  100% Merlot from Coonawarra, South Australia.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""THE VISION: Penley Estate crafts super premium wines at our Coonawarra winery from estate grown grapes grown in shallow terra rossa over limestone.  THE NAME: The Gryphon symbolizes strength, intelligence and vigilance. Vigilance in winemaking and viticulture contributes to Penleys quest for the quintessential Merlot.  THE WINE: A rich and luscious style from estate grown Coonawarra fruit, displaying floral berry characters, mellow French oak. Fuller style with soft tannins. A good foundation for bottle aging. Enjoy 1 to 5 years.  THE WINEMAKER: Experience was earnt, tradition was given, but my wines reflect what I feel. - Kym Tollet  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the third weve sampled from Penley Estate, and so far weve enjoyed these wines quite a bit. All are great examples of the delicious and affordable wines coming out of Australia. The first one we sampled was the 2008 Penley Estate Condor Coonawarra Shiraz Cabernet with its wonderfully spicy finish. After that we tried a 100% Shiraz, the super smooth 2008 Penley Estate Hyland Coonawarra Shiraz. And today weve got a Merlot. Lets see if it can continue the winning streak, shall we?  The 2009 Penley Estate Gryphon Coonawarra Merlot begins with a beautifully complex and inviting aroma of dark ripe fruit, spice, oak, mint and violet. This medium-bodied wine tastes very smooth and delicious with rich berries, a little green pepper and bit of oak. Nice soft tannins and a good body lead into a nicely spicy finish which resolves into more smooth fruit. A really excellent Merlot that is a pleasure to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120502"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Penley Estate Gryphon Coonawarra Merlot"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
162,"  100% Muscat from California.  SRP of $16 and available for $15. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the winemaker: The 2009 vintage was a strange one, and our Muscat Canelli was harvested almost a month later than normal near the end of October, leading to richer mouthfeel and greater weight and ripe aromas while the cool temperature kept the alcohol in check. It shows the classic fruit bowl nose of almonds, peaches, and vanilla but with enough acidity to be also considered a food wine and balance the 1.1% residual sugar and can be enjoyed just as a Gewurztraminer would with spicy foods. Or, simply chill down and enjoy in summer with nibbles.  12.5% AlcoholThis is the first of three wines that Pietro Buttitta of Rosa dOro Vineyard was kind enough to send along for review. Over the next few days we will also review their Primitivo and Sangiovese. And while I am definitely partial to red wines this time of year, I decided to give the Muscat Canelli a try first and was rather surprised how much I liked it!  The 2009 Rosa dOro Muscat Canelli begins with light floral aromas of honeysuckle plus some nice pineapple and other zesty tropical fruit. The wine tastes good with really nice smooth flavors that are not overly sweet for a Muscat but certainly sweet enough. This wine has a fabulous texture and features tropical fruit flavor (pineapple, passion fruit, guava) plus some honey. The finish is very long - the sweet tropical fruit keeps going and going. Really a delicious wine that tastes like it would even be lower than 12.5% alcohol.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0highly RecommendedAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111210"",  ""title"" : ""Rosa dOro Muscat Canelli 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };   "
163,"   Refreshingly complex.   100% Pinot Bianco from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $21 and available for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Made from Pinot Bianco grapes grown on the porphyric-gravel slopes of the Classico region. Fermentation takes place in temperature-controlled stainless steel tanks and the wine rests on the lees for 6 months before release.  With wonderful aromas of apple cider, chalk and lemon zest, this clean and focused wine expands on the palate to reveal warm apple crisp, clove and quince nuances. Possessing a long, concentrated citrus finish, this wine pairs perfectly with roasted pork, shellfish and egg-based sauces or as a charming cocktail beverage.  13.5% Alcohol""Today were reviewing another wine from one of our favorite areas, Alto Adige. You may remember our series on the Wines from Alto Adige here. This area reminds me a lot of Alsace, France in that both have significant mountain influence and the melding of multiple cultures -- Italy, Germany and Austria in the case of Alto Adige; France and Germany in the case of Alsace.  Both areas also produce deliciously complex white wines unlike almost anywhere else in the world. They take what can be humdrum varieties elsewhere (like Pinot Grigio and Pinot Bianco) and turn them into something special, which is what we have here today. (For more info on Alsace see our recent post entitled: Pinot Gris From Alsace - Pinot Grigio That Tastes Good.)  The 2010 Kellerei-Terlan Cantina Terlano Pinot Bianco begins with pleasing, fragrant aromas of apple, pear, chalk and a little honeysuckle. Tasting the wine reveals a really nice spicy mineral streak on top of a wonderful, complex mouthfeel. Lush flavors of tart apple, pear and melon combine with a bright acidity in the mouth. Chalky minerals and citrus zest reveal themselves on the medium-long finish. A delicious and refreshingly complex wine!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130425"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Cantina Terlano Pinot Bianco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/cantina-terlano-pinot-bianco.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
164,"   Another excellent wine from an under-appreciated variety.   Cabernet Franc from Columbia Valley, Washington and Oregon.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""They made me the keeper of the vineyard; but mine own vineyard I have not kept. Song of Songs 1:6  14.1% Alcohol""A few weeks ago we reviewed the Vinum Cellars The Scrapper Cabernet Franc 2010 and dubbed it an under-appreciated heavyweight of a wine, in part because of the boxing theme but mainly because Cabernet Franc just doesnt seem to get its due as a single varietal wine. Well today we have another contender for the heavyweight title, this time from Columbia Valley which is primarily in Washington but also covers a small part of Oregon. (Relevant because the grapes for this wine could come from both states.)  On a side note before we get to the review, while ""The Keeper"" is a cool name I have to say I dont really get the reference to the Song of Solomon other than the fact that it mentions a vineyard. The point of the verse is that people are working hard for others and by doing so neglecting their own heavenly callings -- Im not sure thats quite what they want the name to convey! In any case, lets see how it tastes.   The 2010 Corvidae Wine Company The Keeper Cabernet Franc from Owen Roe begins with a really lovely aroma of green olives, sweet plums and tobacco. Tasting the wine reveals lots of rich dark fruit, more green olive and tobacco and some fantastic spicy notes that flow all the way into the finish. A smooth and wonderfully delicious wine that finishes dry with good length and lingering notes of black tea, tobacco and spice. Another excellent wine from this under-appreciated variety.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140114"",  ""title"" : ""2010 The Keeper Cabernet Franc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/the-keeper-cabernet-franc.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
165,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Martinborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Gregory White PR for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Craggy Range is a family owned winery specializing in the production of expressive Single Vineyard wines. Our Martinborough vineyard is located at Te Muna, which means secret place. This wine is sourced exclusively from several parcels of vines growing on a stony, limestone influenced soil adjacent to the Huangarua River. The wine has rich ripe flavours of limes, peaches and apples alongside the characteristic herbaceous components and a unique dry grainy texture on the palate. As with all our Sauvignon Blanc wines intervention in the cellar is minimal out of care and respect for characters of the vineyard. Enjoy within three years of vintage, lightly chilled, wherever there is sun, surf or seafood.  13.0% Alcohol""After yesterdays really excellent Craggy Range Te Kahu Red, I was excited to try the Te Muna Road Sauvignon Blanc also from Craggy Range. After all New Zealand is probably best known for their Sauvignon Blanc, but todays wine isnt just any Sauvignon Blanc.   Most people, Im sure, are familiar with the excellent wines of this variety produced in Marlborough, which produces almost 80% of New Zealands wine. However, if you dont look closely you might not even notice that todays wine comes not from Marlborough, but from Martinborough, which accounts for only 1% of New Zealands wine production. If the Te Muna Road vineyard is any indication, production in Martinborough should be increasing soon.  The 2010 Craggy Range Te Muna Road Vineyard Martinborough Sauvignon Blanc begins with complex aromas of tropical fruit, pear, lime, a hint of creamy vanilla and some herbal notes. The wine tastes very crisp and has good acidity. The primary flavors are pear, lots of lime, gauva and mango. The finish features tangy tropical fruit which lingers for a long time and is mixed with a hint of minerality. Very refreshing and delicious! Another winner from Craggy Range.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120215"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Craggy Range Te Muna Road Vineyard Martinborough Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
166,"   One tasty cool climate Cabernet Franc.   Cabernet Franc from Finger Lakes, New York.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Cabernet Franc, the premier red grape of Bordeaux and the Loire Valley thrives here in New Yorks Finger Lakes, where it is considered one of the most promising varieties. In the Dr. Franks vineyard, it produces small amounts of fruity red wine of medium structure, making it an interesting alternative to more tannic Cabernet Sauvignon.  Dr. Konstantin Frank, known as ""the father of Vinifera"" in the Eastern United States, pioneered viticultural methods that a generation of Eastern wineries have used to grow these superb varieties of European grapes.  12.8% Alcohol""As mentioned on the label Dr. Konstantin Frank is one of the pioneers of growing European grape varieties in the cold climates of the northeastern United States, and specifically the Finger Lakes. Fans of Riesling have been grateful ever since but lets not overlook the excellent red wines coming out of this area as well.  The 2010 Dr. Konstantin Frank Cabernet Franc begins with a really pleasant aroma of red and blue berries, spice and a hint of cedar. The wine tastes super smooth and juicy with flavors of blueberry, plum, oaky spice and a bit of tobacco. This medium-bodied wine also features good acidity and soft tannins. It ends dry with more savory, juicy, sweet fruit that lingers for a really long time. This is an absolutely delicious wine - I loved it! And its another great example of the delicious red wine coming out of New York.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130805"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Dr. Konstantin Frank Cabernet Franc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/dr-konstantin-frank-cabernet-franc.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
167,"   Pinot Noirs deep, dark and savory love child finds a home in Austria.  100% Saint Laurent from Neusiedlersee, Burgenland, Austria.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16, but typically closer to $20. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""St. Laurent is a wild cross between Pinot Noir and an unknown variety. Likely originating from France, it is now native to Burgenland. In the early 1980’s, Axel’s father Georg was among the first to focus on single varietal bottling of St. Laurent. The “Selection” St Laurent is sourced from vineyards of approximately 15 years cloned from the best of their old vines.   13.0% alcohol""Its been a few weeks since weve featured a wine in our Awesome Austrians series, but were back today with the third major red grape grown in Austria, St. Laurent (aka Sankt Laurent or Saint Laurent). As you read in the quote from the winery, St. Laurent is believed to be the offspring of Pinot Noir and another, unknown red grape. It is also one of the parents of Zweigelt along with Blaufrankisch. Those two varieties make up the remaining major Austrian red grape varieties weve already covered.  The 2010 Juris St Laurent Selection begins with deep and dark aromas of black pepper, dark fruit, leather, spice and violet. Together all these components create a very enticing, earthy aroma that reminds me of a Cabernet Franc. When tasting the wine the deep and dark theme continues with really tasty sour dark fruit, more black pepper and earthy notes, and a little leather. Add in nice grippy tannins, good acidity and a substantial smooth mouthfeel and you have a really savory wine. It ends with succulent dark fruit, a bit on the sour side, and good length. Another awesome Austrian!  Wine in the Awesome Austrians series: 2010 Zantho Zweigelt - A perfect wine for Thanksgiving dinner. 2011 Laurenz V. Singing Gruner Veltliner - At this price it just might make you sing! 2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic - A Beauty From Burgenland. 2010 Laurenz V. Charming Gruner Veltliner - Smooth and Steely. 2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt - Fresh From The Garden! 2010 Juris St Laurent Selection - Pinot Noirs deep, dark and savory love child finds a home in Austria.  2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection - Think you know Pinot? Then you need to get to know Austria.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130130"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Juris St Laurent Selection"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/juris-st-laurent-selection-2010.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
168," Five Favorite Montefalco Rosso under $20 including a BULK BUY!     Ill take my Sangiovese with Sagrantino please.   Montefalco Rosso? Sagrantino? Unfortunately these words dont mean much to the average wine drinker, but in todays post well try to show you why you should get to know them!  Montefalco is a special place in Umbria. Special for many reasons, but the one that concerns us today is the Sagrantino grape. This grape is only grown in the Montefalco area, and a unique grape it is with very low yields, extremely thick skins (and accordingly extremely high polyphenols), a very late ripening character, no known relationship to any other grape varieties in Italy and the ability to age quite gracefully, earning the nickname ""The Jewel of Umbria"".    Of course all of this comes with a high price tag, as we discovered in our Saturday Splurge review of the Arnaldo-Caprai Collepiano Sagrantino di Montefalco 2005. No worries however -- were not turning our back on our Reverse Wine Snob tendencies. Instead today were featuring a way to sample this wonder grape without leaving our price range: Montefalco Rosso.  Montefalco Rosso wines are required to contain 60-70% Sangiovese, 10-15% Sagrantino and 15-30% other varieties such as Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. You might be wondering (as we were) if only 10-15% Sagrantino can really make that much a difference but surprisingly it absolutely does. Unfortunately, even though there is about twice the amount of Montefalco Rosso produced as there is Montefalco Sagrantino they can still be quite hard to find in the United States. There are a few reasons for this, the main one being that most of the wine never makes it out of Umbria as it is consumed locally! In addition, in todays economy importers are reluctant to bring in new wines that consumers are unfamiliar with, which is a shame.  So today we are highlighting five wines that have at least some distribution in the United States. Though they may still be hard to find, we encourage you to seek these out and experience the magic of Sagrantino!   First up is the 2009 Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso, a blend of 60% Sangiovese, 25% Merlot and 15% Sagrantino from Montefalco, Umbria, Italy. Available for as low as $17. 55,000 bottles produced. Imported by Selected Estates of Europe. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Merlot grapes are hand-picked around the end of September and fermented  at controlled temperature into stainless steel tanks. The wine ages in wooden barrels for 8 months prior  to bottling and commercial release.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Azienda Agraria Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso smells of black cherry, spice, cola, licorice and dried herbs. These are some deep aromas, give your glass a good swirl to really enjoy them, and it gets even more expressive the more air it gets. Tasting reveals the perfect balance of tart dark fruit and oak along with a wonderful mouthfeel featuring soft yet grippy tannins. It ends dry with more luscious tart fruit that lingers for a long time. This is a really tasty wine that is super enjoyable to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 8."
169,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from South Australia.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Cabernet is called the king of grapes and at Zontes Footstep it is so revered. Arthurian Legend had it that whoever could pull Excalibur from the stone would rules as king under the Avalon Tree. Our Avalon Tree is a top picnic spot, we even have a round table!  Zontes Footstep is named after a 19th century Zante currant vineyard as new pairings follow the original footstep. The currant business dried up, but Zontes Footstep became our blueprint...  In 2003 a group of mates pooled old white utes and new-ish tractors to grow the best grapes from the best vineyards. All we want to do is taste our fruit in our wine, so we charged our reigning winemaker, Mr. Ben Riggs, with one goal; to make wine true to vineyard so long as it is bloody good drink!  The Avalon Tree vineyard is on a 40 million year old alluvial plain, nestled between two rivers adjacent to Lake Alexandrina, upstream from the River Murrays sea mouth. It is an oasis in a cool desert with vines planted on their own roots, in maritime red sands that sit over pre-Cambrian Limestone and is ideal for growing grapes.  The truth is out there in the vineyard, but the proof is in this bottle.  13.5% Alcohol""We reviewed a couple other Zontes Footstep wines back in September and loved them both. In fact, we loved the Scarlet Ladybird Rosé so much that it has been on several Top 10 lists. (Also reviewed, and enjoyed, was the Doctoress di Lago Pinot Grigio.) So when this Cabernet Sauvignon arrived recently, I was eager to give it a try.  The 2010 Zontes Footstep Avalon Tree Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of blueberries, plum, blackberry, spice and nutmeg. The wine tastes of bright, rich fruit with flavors of sweet and sour black cherry. Also present are nice supporting tannins and a good mouthfeel. The finish features blackcurrant fruit that lasts for a long time. A rich and fruity wine with a really nice amount of oak to balance things out. Quite nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120209"",  ""title"" : ""Zontes Footstep Avalon Tree Cabernet Sauvignon 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
170,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from South Australia. SRP of $15 and available at that price.  Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""After making Zontes Footstep Rosé for six vintages we named it this year in honour of all Scarlet Ladybirds in our vineyard, which eat other tiny pests like aphids and keep our fruit fabulous. The Scarlet Ladybird Rosé is made to our house style, fun to drink seriously, deep and dry, and always comes up smelling of roses.  Zontes Footstep is named after a 19th century Zante currant vineyard as new pairings follow the original footstep. The currant business dried up, but Zontes Footstep became our blueprint...  In 2003 a group of mates pooled old white utes and new-ish tractors to grow the best grapes from the best vineyards. All we want to do is taste our fruit in our wine, so we charged our reigning winemaker, Mr. Ben Riggs, with one goal; to make wine true to vineyard so long as it is bloody good drink!  Scarlet Ladybird hails from the heart of South Australias best region for making Rosé. Here, the cooling afternoon sea breezes from the Great Southern Ocean allows vines planted on their own roots in maritime sands, some of the worlds oldest soil, to thrive, perfect conditions for our Scarlet Ladybird Rosé.  The truth is out there in the vineyard, but the proof is in this bottle.  13.0% Alcohol"" The 2010 Zontes Footstep Scarlet Ladybird Rosé begins with an excellent aroma of strawberry and other berries along with lots of perfumed floral notes. The wine tastes of lots of juicy sweet berries and is medium-bodied. This is an incredibly fresh lip smacker, but it gets even better. The finish adds some unexpected spicy tannins that balance out the sweet fruit perfectly and the refreshing berry flavor lingers for a long time. I liked this wine better with every sip. The contrast between the sweet berries and the tannins on the finish was fantastic. Highly recommended.  Stay tuned tomorrow for a review of another Zontes Footstep wine, the 2010 Doctoress di Lago Pinot Grigio.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110906"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Zontes Footstep Scarlet Ladybird Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
171,"   Two cant miss wines from Avignonesi.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Concha Y Toro Gran Reserva Serie Riberas Cabernet Sauvignon 2012 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   While many of you are probably familiar with Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, if youre like me, you dont see Rosso di Montepulciano very often. However, the two wines are analogous to Brunello di Montalcino and its little brother Rosso di Montalcino. Like those wines, the rules regarding the Rosso are less stringent than for its big brother. In the case of the Montepulciano brothers the Rosso is allowed to have higher grape yields (up to 70L per hectare versus 56L per hectare for the Vino Nobile) and requires a much shorter period of aging (6 months versus 24).  Both of todays wine come from the Avignonesi winery which despite producing almost 750,000 bottles per year uses almost 100% estate grown fruit. Avignonesi is a true champion of Sangiovese -- despite rules which allow for up to 30% of other varieties in both of todays wines, the Rosso di Montepulciano is 94% Sangiovese and the Vino Nobile di Montepulciano is 100%. (And dont be confused by the Montepulciano in the name -- that refers to the city, not the grape.) Lets see how the two wines compare.    Little Brother First up is the 2011 Avignonesi Rosso di Montepulciano which is 94% Sangiovese and 6% local red varieties from Rosso di Montepulciano, Tuscany, Italy. It has an SRP of $19 and is available for as low as $15. 100,000 bottles produced. Imported by Tabaccaia USA. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Avignonesi winery, covering 296 acres of vineyards, is located on the north eastern slopes of the historical town of Montepulciano in the south of Tuscany.  Fragrant aromas of red summer fruit and subtle Mediterranean herbs with a round, distinct taste.  Can be paired with most hearty dishes, such as pasta, chicken or roast meat.  Serving temperature: 60F  14% Alcohol""The 2011 Avignonesi Rosso di Montepulciano begins with very pleasant aromas of black cherry, violets and baking spice. The wine tastes smooth and delicious with lots of juicy red and black berry fruit, a great spicy streak and even a bit of a nice earthy undertone. Thanks to the good acidity we found it be a very good food wine as well. It ends dry and very long. This one is easy to drink and offers good complexity, a combination we love, at a great value.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended    Big Brother Second is the 2011 Avignonesi Vino Nobile di Montepulciano which is 100% Sangiovese from Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, Tuscany, Italy. It has an SRP of $29 and is available for as low as $23 (Saturday Splurge). 206,300 bottles produced. Imported by Tabaccaia USA. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Avignonesi winery, counting 200 hectares/495 acres of vineyards, is located on the north-eastern slopes of the historical town of Montepulciano in southern Tuscany.  Intense aromas of cherries, sweet spices and Mediterranean herbs with a well balanced, savoury and long lingering finish.  Perfect with red meat, game or a selection of cheeses.  Serving temperature: 64F  14% Alcohol""The 2011 Avignonesi Vino Nobile di Montepulciano begins with wonderful aromas of sour cherry, sweet spice and mint. The wine tastes smooth and silky with red and black cherry, cola, licorice, more spice and savory dried herb notes. This one also has good acidity and makes for a great food wine. It ends dry and very long with more fruit, licorice and spice along with some excellent balsamic notes. Also very good, but big brother cranks up the complexity a notch.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
172,"   You may not reach reach a higher level of consciousness but it sure is super tasty.   Dont miss the release of our 2014 Ultimate Gift Guide for Wine Lovers! 100% Zinfandel from the Bianchi Vineyard Zen Ranch in Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $18 and available for around $16. 2,656 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Bianchis Heritage Selection wines are a host of distinctive creations from our own unique vineyards. Ripe concentrated grapes for Bianchi Zen Zin. Spicy oak, ravishing raspberry jam flavors of Bianchi Zen Zin. Z wine for your repasts -- Zen Zin.  16% Alcohol""The 2011 Bianchi Paso Robles Heritage Selection Zinfandel opens with an intoxicating, almost seductive, aroma of blackberry, black raspberry, vanilla, licorice, menthol and more. Tasting the wine shows wonderful balance even at 16% alcohol. Delicious jammy dark fruit, peppery spice and touches of vanilla and bramble are just a few of flavors youll find in this silky smooth wine. Licorice, oak and dark chocolate lead into the dry finish which also features more tasty dark berry fruit. A great example of the variety!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141211"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bianchi Heritage Selection Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/bianchi-heritage-selection-zinfandel.html"" };      You can now PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
173,"   A perfect example of how a little air can transform a wine into something special.   100% Malbec from Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $20 and available for $16. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Bodega Norton Malbec Reserva for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order. Imported by TGIC.  From the bottle: ""Bodega Norton was founded in 1895 at the Mendoza River Valley. The estate winery is located at the foothills of the Andes, at altitudes ranging between 850 to 1100 m. above sea level. ""Reserva"" is made from carefully selected grapes from vineyards more than 30 years old. The wine is aged 12 months in French oak barrels and then additionally in bottles before release. Our peoples passion, together with the harmonious coexistence of fruit and oak over time, have made this a great wine, characterized by its elegance and complexity.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is a great example of how a little air can transform a wine into something special. In many of our reviews youll hear us recommend giving a wine an hour or so in the glass to ""open up"". Its called decanting and the effect of a little oxygen can be quite dramatic in some wines, something we discussed in this experiment.   Its also the reason we never post reviews based on one or two sips taken at tastings where wine after wine is sipped, spit and then judged. For us drinking wine ""normally"" means opening a bottle and enjoying it over a long period of time, with and without food, and even coming back to it the next day to see how it has held up. (After all, many of us dont polish off a whole bottle every night, so if youre going to pay for it you want to make sure it can hold up over a couple nights!)  Today we have one of those bottles that if popped, poured and tasted you might dismiss straight away. However, give it a little air and it transforms dramatically into a fantastic wine, one we gave a 9/10 taste rating!  The 2011 Bodega Norton Malbec Reserva begins with loads of blackberry, nice perfumed floral notes and a hint of vanilla on the nose. The bouquet is a bit shy when first opened but give it an hour or so and the metamorphosis is stunning. The wine tastes ripe and rich with lots more dark fruit, plenty of toasty oak (mostly in the form of dark chocolate and tobacco) and a silky smooth texture. It ends long and dry with tart fruit, cola, licorice and tobacco. A fantastic and food flexible wine that shows why you should never judge a bottle too quickly!  Get the Bodega Norton Malbec Reserva for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive! Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140417"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bodega Norton Malbec Reserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/bodega-norton-malbec-reserva.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Bodega Norton Malbec Reserva for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
174,"   A very expressive, very tasty wine.   70% Malbec and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $21. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Bodegas Caro Amancaya Gran Reserva 2011 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   From the bottle: ""The native indian women of Mendoza used Amancaya, flower of the Andes, to decorate their hair in the spring.   Nicolas Catena and Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite), vignerons since the 19th century have combined their deep knowledge of Mendozas terroir and the art of winemaking to create Amancaya.  Amancaya is a blend based on the elegant texture of Cabernet Sauvignon enhanced by the fruit of Argentinean Malbec.  15.0% Alcohol""Domaines Barons de Rothschild. Nicolas Catena. These are big names in the wine industry and much like the Bodegas Caro Aruma Malbec which also comes from the joint venture between these two icons, we went into this wine with a healthy dose of skepticism. So did it deliver? Lets find out.   The 2011 Bodegas Caro Amancaya Gran Reserva begins with very expressive aromas of ripe dark fruit like blackberry, plum and raspberry plus a little leather and violets. Theres also a good dose of mint. The wine tastes super ripe and rich with fantastic spice and savory herbal notes. Smooth, silky and lush this is a big, tasty wine with a whole lot of flavor. It ends with more ripe, rich fruit plus oaky spice notes and even a nice mineral streak. Not only did this wine deliver, but you can get it delivered for free thanks to todays special offer from a sponsor!  Get the Bodegas Caro Amancaya Gran Reserva 2011 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive! Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140605"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bodegas Caro Amancaya Gran Reserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/bodegas-caro-amancaya-gran-reserva.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get theBodegas Caro Amancaya Gran Reserva 2011 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
175,"   A Study in Salinity  100% Albarino from Central Coast, California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Bonny Doon Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""50% Casa Grande Vineyard & 50% Jesperson Ranch  This Albarino expresses a beautifully crystalline mineral aspect with great persistence. Bracing aromas of lemon rind, grapefruit, pineapple and peach telegraph a lively acidity. Extended lees contact gives the wine an exquisitely silky texture thats almost savory. Perfect as an aperitif and wildly appropriate with Asian food or shellfish.  We farm sustainably to restore vital life-forces to our soul and to promote the farm as a self-sustaining organism. Our winemaking practice is exceptionally light-handed with minimal intervention -- unplugged or ""acoustic"".  The sensitive crystallization image on the front label reveals the wines organizing and growth forces -- a snapshot of its internal harmony. By featuring this image and listing the ingredients used on processing, we reveal our commitment to natural, vital wines and to the virtue of transparency.  13.2% Alcohol""Were big fans of Bonny Doon Vineyards here at The Reverse Wine Snob and with good reason: excellent wines like the Vin Gris de Cigare Rosé and the Bonny Doon Vineyard ""Le Pousseur"" Syrah. And todays wine is absolutely no different.   The 2011 Bonny Doon Vineyard Central Coast Albarino begins with a really pleasing aroma of citrus, peach, pineapple and graphite as well as a little honeysuckle. The wine tastes silky smooth with intense and juicy flavors of tart citrus and has a bright acidity that makes your teeth hurt. (Bonny Doon describes it as a ""citrus bomb"".) It also has a zesty, salty character unlike any other wine Ive tried that is really quite appealing. The finish features more salt-laced, tart and zesty citrus. Be sure not to drink this wine too cold -- if you put it in the fridge let it warm up a bit before serving. Really quite a delicious offering, I liked it a lot. Hugely flavorful and almost seductive in that you cant help but take another sip.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120720"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bonny Doon Vineyard Central Coast Albarino"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
176,"   A fitting wine for Cinco de Mayo via Dry Creek Valley.   95% Grenache and 5% Syrah from Dry Creek Valley, California.  SRP of $24 and available for as low as $15. Only 25 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Sweet red flavors of strawberry and raspberry with hints of black currents burst in the mouth. With a luscious and velvety mouthfeel, the silky tannins lend to a long mineral and earthy finish.  A serious wine that offers bright fruit, but with great structure and balance.  15.2% Alcohol""Cinque Insieme (""CheenKway InSeeEmAy""), which was founded by five winelovers, means ""five together"" in Italian. Given the name we thought it a fitting choice for this Cinco de Mayo. It doesnt hurt that the wine comes from one of our favorite regions, Dry Creek Valley, and that we also love to highlight small producers who endeavor to produce great wine under $20 (no easy task).   The 2011 Cinque Insieme Grenache is a bit shy on the nose at first but after a little air youll find pleasant aromas of black cherry, strawberry and raspberry as well as vanilla, cinnamon and other spices. The wine tastes really smooth and balanced with lots of red and black fruit and more lovely spice. Theres also a really nice streak of minerality  underneath the fruit that flows all the way through the long, dry, spicy finish. Excellent and just as good on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here or buy it direct from the winery here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140505"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Cinque Insieme Grenache"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/cinque-insieme-grenache.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
177,"   Not all Malbec is created equal.   96% Malbec and 4% Cabernet Sauvignon from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. Imported by TGIC Importers. Sample submitted for review. Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""Adventure and the love of fine wine are what brought the Montes team from Chile to Argentina, and adventure and the love of fine wine are what guided us to create our first wines there: Kaiken Reserve. As our exploration led us to a deeper understanding of Mendozas unique and ideal terroirs, we were inspired to craft a truly superior wine, Kaiken Ultra, which we offer you in two versions: Malbec and Cabernet Sauvignon. We decide to concentrate on these two premium grapes varieties because we feel that they are the virtuoso performers of Mendozas vineyards.  Kaiken, the name chosen for this quest to produce the best wine that Argentina can offer, is the Mapuche Indian name for a wild Patagonian goose that can be found on both sides of the Andes and that frequently flies from one side of the Andes to the other - just as we do in our efforts to find the perfect vineyards to produce these exceptional wines.  Adventure and the love of fine wine have proven to be our true inspiration and we hope that you will join us on this exciting journey, sharing our enthusiasm for Kaiken Ultra which we offer you from Argentina with pride.  14.8% Alcohol""Malbec may be one of the more reliably good varietals in the under $20 category, but that certainly does not mean that all Malbec is created equal. The best examples tend to have rich, deep fruit flavors and a smooth but substantial mouthfeel. In fact, some of our favorites blend in other varieties like Cabernet Sauvignon, Tannat, Bonarda and/or Syrah. Todays wine adds in a little Cabernet Sauvignon and the results are impressive.  The 2011 Kaiken Ultra Malbec begins with a really lovely, really enticing aroma of plum, blackberry, violets and just a hint of smoked meat. Tasting reveals tons of rich plum and blackberry fruit just like the nose along with a smooth, dense texture, great balance and very good acidity. It ends dry with long lasting rich dark fruit and a little oaky spice. This is an extremely delicious, full-bodied wine but youll definitely want to decant it a couple hours before serving for it to be at its best. It makes a great match with steaks and other grilled meats.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140226"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Kaiken Ultra Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/kaiken-ultra-malbec.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
178,"   Mendoza channels a little Ribera Del Duero.   100% Tempranillo from Santa Rosa Vineyards, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Winesellers Ltd.   From the bottle: ""Zuccardi Q Tempranillo is sourced from select old vines on our Santa Rosa estate in Mendoza. This is a wine of great structure with notes of tobacco, leather and chocolate. It can be consumed now, but will age beautifully for several years.  The front label image illustrates the stone walls of the Zuccardi winery rising from the Uco Valley soils symbolizing how the Andes mountains emerged millions of years ago.  14% Alcohol""I love trying grape varieties from unexpected places. Everyone knows Argentina is all about Malbec, right? And, of course, Tempranillo is king in Spain and grown widely in Portugal (although often called something else). Sure, theres some nice Tempranillo being made in California, Texas and even Oregon, but if you had to list the other red varieties besides Malbec being made in Argentina I doubt Tempranillo would make the list at all. Yet, here it is and from 40 year old vines no less!   In reality Tempranillo is grown quite widely throughout Argentina and has been for some time, but it has only been in recent years that wineries have focused on making single varietal bottlings of the grape versus using it in blends.   The 2011 Zuccardi Q Tempranillo begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring lots of ripe, dark fruit (plums and black cherries primarily), violets, cedar, vanilla, cinnamon and even a hint of a nutty note. The wine definitely needs some air as it is a bit oaky when first opened but then...wow, this is a dark and juicy wine! Are you sure this isnt from Rioja or Ribera Del Duero? With excellent structure and complexity; a really smooth, silky texture; good acidity; and  nice tannins this is a fantastic full-bodied example of Tempranillo. It ends dry and persistent with a spicy finish featuring more ripe and juicy tart dark fruit and plenty of lingering chocolate and tobacco notes. This is an eye opener indeed!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141010"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Zuccardi Q Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/zuccardi-q-tempranillo.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
179,"   Make a discovery of this mouth-wateringly good Riesling with this special free shipping deal from a sponsor.   100% Riesling from Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $20. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Chateau Ste. Michelle & Dr. Loosen ""Eroica"" Riesling for just $14.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order.  From the bottle: ""Old World meets New World in Eroica. Drawing on tradition and classic techniques of the Mosels Dr. Loosen and Chateau Ste. Michelles viticultural experience and innovation, our combined winemaking efforts and philosophy crafted a wine that is focused and intense, a highly aromatic Riesling. The grapes are grown exclusively in Washingtons Columbia Valley.  12.0% Alcohol""Were big fans of wine from Washington here at The Reverse Wine Snob and if you are a Riesling lover than this is definitely a region you want to check out. Today we have a bottle that offers incredible value vintage after vintage.     The 2012 Chateau Ste. Michelle & Dr. Loosen Eroica Riesling begins with lovely lime and green apple aromas with a hint of spice and minerals. The wine tastes delicious as well with more lime and citrus flavors, a wonderful mouthfeel, lively acidity and even a hint of effervescence. A little tropical fruit also makes an appearance before the wonderful spicy mineral streak leads into the long, lingering finish. Mouth-wateringly good!  Get the Chateau Ste. Michelle & Dr. Loosen ""Eroica"" Riesling for just $14.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive! Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140524"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Eroica Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/eroica-riesling.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Chateau Ste. Michelle & Dr. Loosen ""Eroica"" Riesling for just $14.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
180," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     Another fabulous find from Naked Wines.   100% Syrah from El Dorado, Sierra Foothills, California.  SRP of $28 and available to NakedWines.com Angels for as low as $16. Better yet, new Naked Wines customers and readers of The Reverse Wine Snob can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in last weeks post to get this wine for as low as $8.49. See below for more details. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Angels have struck Gold! Coloma is the historic American River town that in 1849 was the epicenter of the California Goldrush. The sun-drenched hilly landscape was littered with gold deposits then and now its the perfect place to make high-elevation wine rich with character. Thank you Angels for allowing us to do what we love and pan the hillsides for the best vines and the most distinctive flavor so that we can share it with you.  Jeff Jarvis and Jessica Tomei  14.8% Alcohol""El Dorado County is home to some of the highest elevation vineyards in California thanks to the regions proximity to the Sierra Foothills. We have enjoyed immensely the wines weve tried from here -- wines like The Scrapper Cabernet Franc, the Miraflores Syrah and the Calstar Cellars Zinfandel.  Because the area doesnt have huge name recognition, the wines from El Dorado dont demand the same premium as the better marketed regions, and this makes it a great place for Reverse Wine Snobs. Todays wine double downs on the value proposition thanks to Naked Wines. Keep reading after the review to find out how to get this $28 wine for well under $10.  The 2012 Jarvis Tomei Family Coloma ""Meatgrinder"" Syrah begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, vanilla and touch of smoked meat. Tasting the full-bodied wine reveals lots of savory dark juicy fruit (plum and blackberry primarily), nicely integrated spice, tasty dried herbal notes and a smooth texture. Smoked meat notes and more tart juicy fruit lead into the long, dry finish. Excellent and just as good, if not better, on day 2. Highly recommended.  As we noted in last weeks review of the Bonny Doon Vineyard GSM, by taking advantage of the Angel discount and the $100 voucher below for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob, you can double dip on the savings by getting both Angel pricing and the $100 off. That means a case of todays wine would ship for only $8.49! ($15.99 Angel price x 12 = $191.88 - $100 voucher = $91.88 + $9.99 delivery = $101.87 / 12 = $8.49 per bottle.) See last weeks post for all the details and drink well my friends!   Check out all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here.   Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140708"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Coloma Meatgrinder Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/07/coloma-meatgrinder-syrah.html"" };      This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
181,"   Tasty Italian soldiers.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Brassfield Estate Eruption 2012 for just $16.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Today we have a pair of Barbera, both from Piedmont. The first comes from the Barbera dAlba DOC which encompasses the town of Alba and the surrounding area and overlaps with the Barolo and Barbaresco designations. (In fact, todays wine comes from a vineyard in La Morra which also produces Barolo.) The second comes from Barbera dAsti DOC which, as you might expect, surrounds the town of Asti.   First up is the 2012 Renato Ratti Barbera dAlba which is 100% Barbera from Piedmont, Italy. It has an SRP of $21 and is available for as low as $16. 80,000 bottles produced. Imported by Dreyfus, Ashby & Co. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Rich in body and in color, warm and robust, pleasantly tart when young, a wine suitable to aging. The particular soils of La Morra yield to it a measured acidity along with superb elegance. A wine suited to our hearty local dishes as well as refined meat dishes and aged cheeses.  Color is intense, cardinal red with sparkling hues. Forward bouquet, with trace scents of ripe plum and an undercurrent of mixed spices. Full flavor with long persistence. It will age for six-to-ten years.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Renato Ratti Barbera dAlba begins with an excellent aroma of black cherry, plum, wonderful smoked meat notes and a hint of mint and baking spice. Tasting reveals a tart, juicy and delicious wine filled with succulent dark berry flavors and perfectly integrated spice. The wine ends dry with lots of lingering spice, more juicy fruit, a bit of chocolate and even some balsamic notes. Fabulous!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Second is the 2012 Renato Ratti Barbera dAsti which is also 100% Barbera from Piedmont, Italy. It has an SRP of $20 and is available for as low as $15. 20,000 bottles produced. Imported by Dreyfus, Ashby & Co. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Since 2009 vintage we decided to bottle part of Barbera which comes from Villa Pattono vineyards in Costigliole d’Asti separately. The wine is a classic Barbera d’Asti, full-bodied and with a typical acidity suited for traditional Mediterranean cooking. A wine suited for first courses and red meats.  Intense red. Bouquet of ripe fruit with an undercurrent of spices (pepper). Flavorful, pleasing and elegant with good persistence.  14% Alcohol""The 2012 Renato Ratti Barbera dAsti opens with very pleasant aromas of ripe plum, black cherry, spice, a little oak and hints of vanilla and cinnamon. This extremely well-balanced wine exhibits lots of juicy fruit and other flavors similar to the nose when tasting. Its perhaps a tad less complex than the Barbera dAlba and also exhibits a bit more oak influence thanks to twice as long in French oak barriques (12 months versus 6 for the Barbera dAlba). The dry finish features juicy fruit mixed with spice that lingers for quite a long time. It would be hard to go wrong with either of these tasty Italian soldiers!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
182,"   Tasty Italian soldiers.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Brassfield Estate Eruption 2012 for just $16.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Today we have a pair of Barbera, both from Piedmont. The first comes from the Barbera dAlba DOC which encompasses the town of Alba and the surrounding area and overlaps with the Barolo and Barbaresco designations. (In fact, todays wine comes from a vineyard in La Morra which also produces Barolo.) The second comes from Barbera dAsti DOC which, as you might expect, surrounds the town of Asti.   First up is the 2012 Renato Ratti Barbera dAlba which is 100% Barbera from Piedmont, Italy. It has an SRP of $21 and is available for as low as $16. 80,000 bottles produced. Imported by Dreyfus, Ashby & Co. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Rich in body and in color, warm and robust, pleasantly tart when young, a wine suitable to aging. The particular soils of La Morra yield to it a measured acidity along with superb elegance. A wine suited to our hearty local dishes as well as refined meat dishes and aged cheeses.  Color is intense, cardinal red with sparkling hues. Forward bouquet, with trace scents of ripe plum and an undercurrent of mixed spices. Full flavor with long persistence. It will age for six-to-ten years.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Renato Ratti Barbera dAlba begins with an excellent aroma of black cherry, plum, wonderful smoked meat notes and a hint of mint and baking spice. Tasting reveals a tart, juicy and delicious wine filled with succulent dark berry flavors and perfectly integrated spice. The wine ends dry with lots of lingering spice, more juicy fruit, a bit of chocolate and even some balsamic notes. Fabulous!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Second is the 2012 Renato Ratti Barbera dAsti which is also 100% Barbera from Piedmont, Italy. It has an SRP of $20 and is available for as low as $15. 20,000 bottles produced. Imported by Dreyfus, Ashby & Co. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Since 2009 vintage we decided to bottle part of Barbera which comes from Villa Pattono vineyards in Costigliole d’Asti separately. The wine is a classic Barbera d’Asti, full-bodied and with a typical acidity suited for traditional Mediterranean cooking. A wine suited for first courses and red meats.  Intense red. Bouquet of ripe fruit with an undercurrent of spices (pepper). Flavorful, pleasing and elegant with good persistence.  14% Alcohol""The 2012 Renato Ratti Barbera dAsti opens with very pleasant aromas of ripe plum, black cherry, spice, a little oak and hints of vanilla and cinnamon. This extremely well-balanced wine exhibits lots of juicy fruit and other flavors similar to the nose when tasting. Its perhaps a tad less complex than the Barbera dAlba and also exhibits a bit more oak influence thanks to twice as long in French oak barriques (12 months versus 6 for the Barbera dAlba). The dry finish features juicy fruit mixed with spice that lingers for quite a long time. It would be hard to go wrong with either of these tasty Italian soldiers!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
183,"   Loco For Lodi Wine #6.   50% Sangiovese and 50% Barbera from Lodi, California.  SRP of $16 and available at that price. 200 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Located in the Central Valley of California, ""The Dodge House"" property began as fishing grounds for the Miwok indians as far back as 1776. It sits on a stream called ""Calaveras"" meaning ""place of skulls."" It is here on this historical site that Jonathan Holt Dodge built a home in 1866 and soon after planted a successful vineyard of imported wine and table grapes. The vineyard was planted in collaboration with George West, founder of one of the first wineries in San Joaquin county.  The Scott Family would like to honor the Dodge Family and their contribution to the county by preserving the home and its history.  14.0% Alcohol""While Lodi may be best known for its Zinfandel, weve already seen this is no one-trick pony with the first wine in this series, the Uvaggio Vermentino. Today Lodi shows a bit more of its range with a delightful Rosé featuring a blend of Barbera and Sangiovese -- a combination I have not had in a rosé before.   The 2012 Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, cranberry and watermelon. While the aroma is nice, its fairly typical for a rosé; however, the comparison to a typical rosé ends with your initial taste of this wine. The first thing to stand out is the simply wonderful smooth and thick texture. Then theres the combination of delicious fruit flavors like strawberry, watermelon jolly rancher and nectarine combined with just the right amount of honeyed sweetness. Finally come zesty, mineral soaked citrus notes to close the wine out. Just a lovely wine -- the combination of grapes and the delightful texture vault this one far beyond your standard rosé.  Wine in the Loco for Lodi Series: Uvaggio Vermentino 2011 - Loco for Lodi Michael David Winery Petite Petit 2010 - Just Plain Fun To Drink Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - A Classic Lodi Zin Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely!  Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - Super Ripe and Rich Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa 2012 - More Than Your Typical Rosé  Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - A Brilliant Burger Wine  Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera 2011 - A Beauty Of A Barbera  Gnarly Head Authentic Red 2010 - Ready to Party   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130619"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/sorelle-winery-bella-e-rosa-2012.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
184," Pinot Grigio youll want to drink.     Even the bottle shape is better.   Dont get me wrong, theres plenty of good Pinot Grigio out there -- but theres also tons of watered down, lifeless juice you can barely call wine (Italy and California, Im looking at you). Of course years ago as a very casual wine drinker, I loved the stuff. Give me a bottle of Ecco Domani and I was in heaven. And in all actuality thats still a fine wine if thats what youre in the mood for, its just that nowadays I find myself wanting something with a little more substance and complexity. To be honest, I had just about given up on finding that in Pinot Grigio, except for perhaps the occasional bottle from Alto Adige or Australia. But then I discovered Alsace.  The Alsace region in the north-eastern corner of France is well known for producing stellar white wines. Riesling and Gewurztraminer are the most popular, but Pinot Gris (aka Pinot Grigio) is right behind them. The wines produced here are markedly different, in part due to the heavy German influence (the whole region has changed nationality several times throughout history, switching between Germany and France) and partially due to the mix of volcanic and limestone soils and the unique climate created by the Vosges Mountains. Like any good wine, you almost feel that you can taste these elements in the glass. And perhaps remarkably for us, given were talking about French wine here, there are a number of excellent examples of Alsatian Pinot Gris for under $20. Here are four of my favorite Pinot Gris picks from Alsace.    First up is the Willm Pinot Gris Reserve 2011 with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $11. 13% Alcohol.  The wine begins with pleasant aromas of honey tinged fruit, primarily peach, apricot and a little pear. Nothing out of the ordinary so far, but its when tasting the wine you realize that this is not your average Pinot Grigio. The Willm is so much more substantial with a soft and round texture that is really quite pleasing. The wine is modestly sweet but some nice acidity at the core helps to keep the sweetness level in check. It ends with more honey soaked fruit that lasts for good time in the mouth. A great place to start your exploration of Pinot Gris.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Second is the Domaine Mittnacht Freres Pinot Gris Les Petits Grains 2011 with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $20. 14% Alcohol.  The Domaine Mittnacht reveals more of the mineral side of Alsace. It begins with peach, apricot, pear and honeysuckle aromas along with a hint of tropical fruit. Tasting the wine reveals a lovely texture and viscosity with lots of minerals, fruit and spice. Theres also an excellent bright acidity. The fruit flavors are similar to the nose, but the fruit takes a back seat when tasting this wine. It ends crisp and clean.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Third is the Domaines Schlumberger Les Princes Abbes Pinot Gris 2009 with an SRP of $20 and available for as low as $15. 13.5% Alcohol.  The Domains Schlumberger begins altogether different than the first two wines. Earthy apple and quince notes, white peach and hints of smoke and lemon are the first aromas to hit you. That lovely mouthfeel is still there however, this time rich and even a bit chalky. The primary flavors when tasting are similar to the bouquet with perhaps a bit more smoke coming through and lasting all the way through to the long finish. Whats interesting is that many times a wine with a thick mouthfeel like this would be very sweet, but thats not the case here. And just like the first two wines, lovely mineral notes add intrigue. A wine that just gets better and better with every sip.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Last we have the Meyer-Fonne Pinot Gris Reserve Particuliere 2009 with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $20. 13.5% Alcohol.  With this wine, the first thing to hit you when smelling it are funky, earthy notes with apple, peach and a hint of tropical fruit not far behind. The wine tastes absolutely splendid with a lovely and lively texture in the mouth. It isnt at all what I expected from the nose, but its delicious. Baked green apple, peach, spicy pear and even a hint of cinnamon combine with good acidity and then eventually give way to chalky mineral notes on the long finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy All wines were samples submitted for review.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
185,"   Win one of five poster sized versions of the limited edition label signed by the artist!   A blend of the traditional Port varieties Touriga Nacional, Touriga Franca, Tinta Barroca, Tinta Roriz, Tinto Cao and Tinta Amarela from Douro Valley, Portugal.  SRP of $21 for a 750ml bottle and available for as low as $15 at Costco. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Kobrand Corporation.  From the bottle: ""This limited edition label was created exclusively for Fonseca Bin 27 by acclaimed American artist Barnaby Furnas.  For centuries the Port industry relied on the Douro River to carry their world-renowned Port wines from the vineyards in the Douro Valley to the coastal town of Vila Nova de Gaia. Fonseca Bin 27 and artist Barnaby Furnas are proud supporters of the Waterkeeper Alliance, a global environmental movement focusing on issues that affect waterways from pollution to climate change.  20% Alcohol""The Fonseca Bin No. 27 Porto, a ruby-style Port aged in neutral oak for four years, opens with succulent aromas of plum, blackberry and spice. The full-bodied wine tastes rich, velvety and super smooth with a great spicy undertone. The primary flavors are plum, blackberry, a little raisin and prune, lots of nice spice and a little black cherry cola. It ends smooth and long with plenty more spice. This is a really delicious Port and considering 750ml goes an awful long way this is a fantastic deal. Best served at room temperature and it will last for about two weeks once opened.    Win an autographed version of this limited edition print!  As we mentioned above, we have a special giveaway for you today! We have five 28"" x 40"" prints of this special label to give away, all signed by the world renowned artist Barnaby Furnas! To enter all you need to do is like our Facebook page and leave a comment on the status update announcing the giveaway (embedded below). Well randomly select the 5 winners next Thursday 11/21 at noon CST. If you win your poster will be shipped out to you, its that easy!  (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131114"",  ""title"" : ""Fonseca Bin No. 27 Porto"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/fonseca-bin-27-porto-artist-series.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
186," Theres nothing petite about this excellent wine.   Received sample for review. Suggested retail price of $15 SRP, but should be available widely for around $10.  From the bottle:Our conservancy wines help protect California vineyard land from urban development. Growers of these wines have placed their land into a trust that preserves against development forever.  Roots. Rocks. Intrigue. My Great-Grandfather, James Concannon began handcrafting outstanding wines in 1883. Concannon is Americas first winery to bottle Petite Sirah and has been doing so for over 40 years. By placing vineyards into conservancy it ensures wines will continue to be crafted for future generations. We believe preservation of vineyard and agricultural lands protects our quality of life.  Our Conservancy Petite Sirah is the essence of Concannon, displaying fantastic depth and character. It is full bodied, rich with cherry flavors and has a hint of toasty oak for a smooth silky finish. Pairs as well with barbequed chicken as your favorite lamb recipe.  Enjoy a glass and be part of the legacy!  13.5% AlcoholPetite Sirah has a bit of an up and down history. You dont hear much about it today, but it does seem to be on the comeback. Its glory years were probably during Prohibition believe it or not! It was in demand because of a rule allowing families to make up to 200 gallons of homemade wine per year and the Petite Sirah grape was one of the few to be able to survive train trips across the country. The Wine Economist has an excellent article here for more info on the history of this grape.  So what did we think of this wine? In a word, the 2008 Concannon Vineyard Conservancy Petite Sirah was excellent. Sweet blackberries and a little chocolate and pepper on the nose. The palate showed blackberries and even a bit of mocha. Theres some oak coming through but not overpowering at all. Nice tannins and a dry finish. verall, just a really nicely balanced, full-bodied, fruity and very drinkable wine. We quite enjoyed it quite a bit and recommend you check it out! Definitely a wine that will find a spot in the next update of the Top 10 list.  Other Recommended Buys from Concannon: 2009 Crimson & Clover - A Simple And Satisfying Blend 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon - Concannon Completes The Trifecta   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110428"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Concannon Vineyard Conservancy Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };   "
187,"  Shiraz from Barossa, South Australia.  SRP of $13 and available widely for around $10. Sample received courtesy Pernod Ricard USA for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""For this wine we reserved selected parcels of grapes grown in the Barossa region in South Australia, a region famous for producing high quality Shiraz wines. Here the warm days and cool nights allow for optimal development of intense flavor and complexity.  2008 Jacobs Creek Reserve Shiraz exhibits typical regional characteristics with fruitcake and plum aromas with a hint of spice and oak. The palate has complex flavors of mulberry, plum, chocolate and spice with excellent fruit length.  Excellent drinking now and will continue to improve over the next five to ten years.  14.5% Alcohol""With all the hype around Argentina lately you may have forgotten about Australia. Dont. Australia has been producing some fabulous and at times even innovative wine in the under $20 category, and as such, this is definitely a country that should be on your list if youre trying to stay in a reasonable wine budget. Todays wine comes from the largest Australian brand, one that was started in the mid-1800s, Jacobs Creek. We will be reviewing a total of four wines from their Reserve line - a Pinot Noir and Chardonnay from Adelaide Hills, a Cabernet Sauvignon from Coonawara and todays selection, a Shiraz from Barossa. (There is also a non-reserve line so shop carefully.)  Jacobs Creek positions these wines as showing the ""true character"" of Australia, selecting the best regions for each variety. In fact, they are even running a ""True Character"" contest on Facebook right now where you can win $5,000 to give to your favorite charity. Certainly sounds like a good deal, but lets see if the wine lives up to the ""true character"" billing.  The 2008 Jacobs Creek Reserve Barossa Shiraz begins with delightful aromas of plum, black cherry, pepper, spice and vanilla. There are even notes of banana in this complex and well integrated bouquet. The wine tastes of lots of jammy fruit balanced by a good amount of spice. The Jacobs Creek Reserve is very silky smooth and does indeed have lots of character. Theres a little bit of oak evident, but it does not detract. It ends with a good medium length finish that features a hint of cinnamon and nutmeg. This one might even be better on day 2. An excellent wine that should find a spot in the next Top 10 list!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120315"",  ""title"" : ""Jacobs Creek Reserve Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
188,"   Say hello to SAH-le-chay Sahl-ehn-TEEN-oh!  90% Negroamaro and 10% Malvasia Nera Salice Salentino from Puglia, Italy.  Available for as low as $8.99.  From the bottle: ""Crafted from 90% Negroamaro and 10% Malvasia Nera grapes grown on 30 year old vines. Distinctive ruby red in color with characteristic aromas of plum and vanilla spice. The fruit and tannins are well integrated in this full bodied round wine. Enjoy with savory appetizers, roasted meats and cheeses.  13.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the area of Italy (Puglia and Salento in particular) that make up the heel of the boot of Italy. The grape Negroamaro, which makes up 90% of todays wine, has been grown almost exclusively in this area for hundreds of years and is the primary variety used to create the Salice Salentino (SAH-le-chay Sahl-ehn-TEEN-oh) wines. Negroamaro can be a highly tannic and bitter wine which is why the softer Malvasia Nera grapes are added to complete the blend. When done well you end up with a very nice, very affordable wine that is distinctly Italian in character.  The 2008 Leone de Castris Maiana Rosso Salice Salentino Red Wine begins with an excellent, enticing aroma of blackberry, plum, spice, caramel and a little smoked meat. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals a smooth, dry and rich textture featuring lots of savory blackberry and plum. Youll also find hints of vanilla, caramel and smoked meat much like the bouquet. It ends with a nice bit of spice while the fruit turns a bit tart. Wonderful, especially for less than $10!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130103"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Leone de Castris Maiana Rosso Salice Salentino Red Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/leone-de-castris-maiana-rosso-salice-salentino.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
189,"   Six tasty Bordeaux wines for around $10 or less. (Not a typo.)  Ahh, Bordeaux. A region that conjures up images of expensive French Chateaus and even more expensive wine. What you may not know is that of the over 10,000 Bordeaux labels produced each year, around 80% of them are under $25. Its actually a great place for reverse wine snobs to find good inexpensive wine and thats just what we bring you today.   The six varietals allowed in Bordeaux red blends are Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Carmenere, Petit Verdot and Malbec with the first three being the most popular by a good bit. The Bordeaux area is made up of about 50 different regions and each has their own laws which govern grape varieties, alcohol levels, even the methods of pruning and harvesting and the winemaking itself. (France takes their wine seriously.) With that bit of background, lets check out todays wines, all for around $10 or less.  First up is the 2009 Vinum Natura de Chateau Vallon des Brumes Bordeaux Rouge. This blend of 80% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. This wine features organically grown grapes and begins with aromas of raspberry, black cherry, cola, spice and black pepper, plus tea and tobacco. Those tea flavors are quite strong when tasting the wine as well as some dark fruit and licorice and dusty tannins. The finish is dry and of medium length with lingering tobacco notes.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 80k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next is the 2010 Chateau Lamothe Vincent Bordeaux Rouge 2010. This 80% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon blend has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. It opens with soft plum aromas and a hint of tobacco. The wine tastes fruit forward with black cherry, plum and a nice spice component. It also features some good soft and slightly dusty tannins. The finish is dry and medium-long with a hint of tobacco.  Other details: 14.5% Alcohol. 250k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Chateau Buisson Redon Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of only $8 and is available at that price. The wine smells of strawberry, plum, spice and a little leather. Tasting the wine shows prominent but not harsh tannins. This one is pretty upfront with lots of flavor and features a good body. A really good all around wine that is easy to drink, especially at this price. The nice finish is dry and shows a little bit of heat. One of my favorites of the bunch and also the cheapest.  Other details: 14.0% Alcohol. 60k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The 2009 Chateau Marjoureau Bordeaux Superieur Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It begins with aromas of black cherry, cola and cinnamon spice. The wine tastes substantial with rich tannins. It features similar flavors to bouquet plus a good bit of smoky oak. This is not a fruit forward wine. The finish is medium-short and dry.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 20k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Mission Saint Vincent Reserve Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. The wine opens with pleasant aromas of blueberry and spice. This is more of a laid back wine that still hits all the right notes. Another wine that is really easy to drink and a great all around wine to keep in your rotation. The dry finish has really good length and a good bit of spice. My favorite of the group.  Other details: 12.5% Alcohol. 300k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy Last, is the 2008 Chateau Vergnes-Beaulieu Bordeaux Rouge. This 100% Merlot has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It opens with aromas of smoky plum, a little cranberry and some earthy herbal notes. The wine tastes dense and meaty with strong tannins. This is not a fruit forward wine but is quite nice to drink. The finish is dry with a little spice and medium-short in length.  Other details: 13.0% Alcohol. 30k bottles See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy All wines received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
190,"  37% Zinfandel, 35% Syrah, 18% Petite Sirah, 5% Barbera, 3% Mourvedre and 2% Tempranillo from Lake County, California.  SRP of $17. This was a vacation purchase at Harris-Teeter for $9.99.  From the bottle: ""Shannon Ridge is a family-owned vineyard and winery located on the steep mountain slopes of Lake County, California. We are dedicated to sustainable farming practices thus producing the finest mountain fruit possible. The distinctive terroir of each of our hillside vineyards (ranches) gives the winemaker a full flavor palette from which he creates the masterful blend of Ranch Collection wines.  The grapes used to produce our 2008 Wrangler Red came from the hills and slopes of ultra-premium vineyards of Lake County, California. Aged with French and American oak, its a blend of Zinfandel, Syrah, Petite Sirah, Mourvedre and Tempranillo, creating a multi layered wine of great depth and a silky smooth finish.  14.2% Alcohol""Todays wine is another excellent one from Lake County, California, one of our favorite value regions at the moment. As I was wandering through Harris-Teeter while we were on vacation recently I happened upon this bottle and immediately recognized Shannon Ridge as the vineyard behind one of our more recent"
191,"   Add a little Portuguese to your wine rack.  65% Trincadeira and 35% Aragonez from Alentejo, Portugal.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $9. Sample received for review.  From the bottle: ""Alente is a Portuguese red wine from the fast growing and up-and-coming region of Alentejo. It is a blend of Trincadeira and Aragonez grapes. These varieties ripen to perfection in the privileged Alentejo climate and combine with a deft use of oak to deliver an intense garnet colored wine, redolent of red-fruit and vanilla overtones. Alente Tinto is well balanced, rich and full-bodied, showing depth and softness of fruit. Alente is a versatile food friendly wine, but it goes especially well with grilled fish and red meat dishes.  14.0% Alcohol""I have to admit that we havent reviewed nearly enough red wine from Portugal but were out to rectify that. We previously enjoyed the Pocas Reserva Red Douro (An Elegant and Enjoyable Saturday Splurge) from Douro Valley as well as the Loios Vinho Tinto (Fruit, Fruit and More Fruit). Like the latter wine, todays selection hails from Alentejo and can also be had for under $10.   The 2009 Alente Red Trincadeira Aragonez Vinho Tinto begins with very nice raspberry, blackberry and vanilla aromas along with a little peppery spice. Tasting the wine reveals more excellent dark fruit flavors plus more nice spice. This wine is medium-bodied and has good balance with nicely integrated oak. It ends with more fruit, then peppery spice and finally more fruit. This really delicious wine would be a great match with everyday food and is a tasty and affordable option for a house red.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121112"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Alente Red Trincadeira Aragonez Vinho Tinto"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/alente-red-trincadeira-aragonez-2009-everyday.html"" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
192,"  60% Sangiovese, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 20% Merlot from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $11 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy Banfi Vintners for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""CHEN-tee-nay Toscana Red Wine  A royal cuvée of noble Tuscan grapes. Skilled viniculture heightens the charming characteristics of each varietal. Aged for a short period in barriques of French oak, followed by moderate bottle aging. Soft tannins and forward fruit. Ideal alone of with pasta, roasts, grilled meats or poultry.  13.5% Alcohol""This is the first of three wines we will be reviewing from the Banfi Centine line. In addition to the Rosso red wine we are reviewing today, there is also a Rosé and a Bianco white wine we will be covering later this week. Im hoping they are all as good as this one.  The 2009 Banfi Centine Rosso Toscana begins with a very aromatic fruit and floral bouquet. This wine has wonderful intense aromas of black and red cherry, lavender, violet and even a hint of banana. The medium-bodied wine tastes of dark fruit flavors like blackberry and plum plus a bit of spice. Tart fruit flavors come to the forefront on the medium-long finish. Very easy to drink and even easier to enjoy.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120103"",  ""title"" : ""Banfi Centine Rosso Toscana 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
193,"   75% Trajadura, 25% Alvarinho from Portugal. SRP of $11 and available at that price.   Sample received courtesy Marquee Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Vinho Verde is the classic Portugese white wine, it marries beautifully with the fresh fish and seafood that is the tradition of this maritime nation. Light bodied with fresh fruit and citrus aromas, it is soft and floral. In the mouth it is round, fresh and persistent with good structure and balanced acidity. It should be served well chilled.  11.0% Alcohol""Vinho Verde is a Portugese wine from the northern part of the country that can consist of several different varieties of grapes and can be either red or white. Vinho Verde literally means ""green wine"" as you can sometimes see a slight green tinge on the edges of the wine in the glass. The wines are typically very light and fresh, and that is the case here.  The 2009 blue fin Vinho Verde begins with aromas of tropical fruit, flowers, and a little banana. The wine is light and lean, showcasing its citrus and tropical fruit flavors and its delightfully fizzy refreshing style. (Its not a sparkling wine, but it does have a little fizz to it.) The finish is dry and fruity with crisp tropical fruit flavors that linger enticing you to take another sip. Let me just say its good thing this wine is only 11% alcohol because it will go fast. I was a little worried it would hold up on day 2, but it was just fine. An excellent wine. Best served nicely chilled.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating:8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110901"",  ""title"" : ""2009 blue fin Vinho Verde"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
194,"  33% Pinot Blanc, 24% Pinot Gris, 18% Gewürztraminer, 14% Muscat and 11% Riesling from Willamette Valley, Oregon.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Brooks Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""A delightful blend of Pinot Blanc (33%), Pinot Gris (24%), Gewurtztraminer (18%), Muscat (14%) and Riesling (11%). Crisp, floral and round with a touch of mineral undertones capable of pairing itself with a variety of foods as well as being enjoyed alone! 1,172 cases produced.  Founded in 1998, Brooks Wines is dedicated to utilizing sustainable farming practices, intervening as little as possible in the winery, and producing small lots of wine to respect vineyard individuality and to create unique blending components. This results in wines with great depth, flavors and balance. Enjoy!  12.8% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second weve sampled from Brooks Wine, after previously enjoying their Ara Riesling. This one is quite an intriguing combination of white grapes that all do well in the Willamette Valley area. And more importantly, they do well in the glass as well.  The 2009 Brooks Amycas begins with a wonderful aromatic bouquet of sweet honeysuckle and tropical fruit. Very nice, but it gets even better when tasting this smooth and creamy wine. Add sweet notes of tangerines, tropical fruit and melon plus a nice underlying minerality and youve got a winner. Not only that but it has a great lively mouthfeel. It ends with a sweet, satisfyingly long finish with a nice bit of spice coming through. This is a very easy to drink and refreshing wine and a fabulous wine to pair with chips and freshly made guacamole, especially if it has a bit of spice to it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120607"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Brooks Amycas"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
195," My first Cameron Hughes wine and it definitely wont be my last.   52% Syrah, 44% Grenache, 2% Mourvèdre, 2% Carignane. $9.99 at Costco.  From the bottle:""2009 Red Wine Arroyo Seco, Monterey County  Cameron Hughes is an international négociant, sourcing and producing small lots of high quality wine from the worlds best regions. Cameron offers a diverse range of wines uniquely represented by the Lot number on this label.  Lot 241 integrates cocoa covered rum raisinette with pure black fruit. Silken tannins thrum in a harmonious chorus. Glorious.  14.3% alcohol""While I hadnt tried a Cameron Hughes wine before this, plenty of other people have, and they love them. Exhibit A: A local Costco brought in 56 cases of this wine and sold through all of it in one day. Lucky for me my brother just happened to be shopping at said Costco that day and was kind enough to share a bottle from his stash.   The Cameron Hughes business model is one weve heard before, and is similar to the reasons I like trying the Kirkland Signature and Trader Joes brand wines: high quality wines at low prices. Mr. Hughes sources wine from high end wineries who are oversupplied and need cash. He gets the wine at a great deal (accompanied by very strict non-disclosure agreements) and then sells this wine at stores like Costco and Sams Club at a fraction of the original cost. Not necessarily a model that can sustain itself forever as it is based on oversupply, but it is working well currently.   The 2009 Cameron Hughes Lot 241 exhibits aromas of black cherry, blackberry, cinnamon, and black pepper. It tastes delightfully good with notes of plum and blackberry. The Lot 241 is surprisingly smooth, even though its a bit on the thick and chewy side (in a good way). The finish has a little bit of spice with some prominent but pleasing tannins on the finish. If its a bit too much on day 1, it did mellow out quite a bit on day 2 (for the worse I thought, but some may like it better). Highly recommended.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110526"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Cameron Hughes Lot 241"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
196,"   A fantastic and inexpensive introduction to the wines of Alto Adige.   40% Teroldego, 30% Lagrein and 30% Merlot from Vigneti delle Dolomiti, Trentino-Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $14 and available for the super low price of $8.15 plus free shipping on 6+ bottles at Marketview Liquor! Imported by Palm Bay International. 7,500 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""Alta Luna (""High Moon"") represents the finest selection of grapes from prime vineyard sites in the foothills of the breathtaking Dolomite Alps. This elegant yet robust fusion of Merlot and indigenous varieties Lagrein and Teroldego combines flavor of blackberries, dark cherry and plum with distinctive spicy notes. Aged in oak barrels for 12 months, this exciting red is smooth and beautifully balanced, with fine tannins and a lingering finish.  13% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were big fans of exploring new wine varieties. Teroldego and Lagrein are two that weve encouraged people to check out in the past, the problem is that they can be hard to find for under $20 -- or even at all. Well todays wine gives the opportunity to try both of them for less than $10. Heck we even partnered with our favorite sponsor to make sure its super easy to buy!   Today through 8:59am EST on Monday 5/12, you can get the Cavit Alta Luna Phases for the super low price of just $8.15. Marketview is offering the wine as their ""deal of the day"" weekend special which also includes free shipping on orders of 6 or more bottles! And if bubbles are more your thing Marketview is also offering the Mumm Napa Brut Prestige as part of this weekend deal at the price of just $13.70! Click HERE to buy the wines! The 2009 Cavit Alta Luna Phases begins with a lovely aroma of really ripe dark fruit (blackberry, plum and mulberry primarily) along with some excellent cinnamon and other spice notes. The wine tastes super smooth with loads of fantastic rich dark fruit, lots more spice, good balance and just a ton of flavor. Hints of coffee and vanilla blend in seamlessly. It ends dry and long with smooth, soft tannins. A fantastic wine well think youll be over the moon about and also a great introduction to the fabulous red wines of Alto Adige.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140509"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Cavit Alta Luna Phases"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/cavit-alta-luna-phases.html"" };       This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
197,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Livermore Valley, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Roots. Rocks. Intrigue. My Great-Grandfather, James Concannon began handcrafting outstanding wines in 1883. Concannon Vineyard Clones 07 and 08 have been widely recognized by wine industry leaders for having set the standard of excellence for Cabernet Sauvignon. By placing vineyards into conservancy it ensures wines will continue to be crafted for future generations. We believe preservation of vineyard and agricultural lands protects our quality of life.  Our Conservancy Cabernet Sauvignon is full-bodied, rich with black cherry and vanilla-oak flavors. Subtle spice and just a hint of chocolate mingle in the smooth finish. Enjoy with your favorite cut of beef or cheese.  Enjoy a glass and be part of the legacy!  13.5% Alcohol""Concannon Vineyard has been a favorite here at The Reverse Wine Snob ever since we tasted their wonderful Petite Sirah. They followed that up recently with their new Petite Sirah based blend, Crimson & Clover, which we also thoroughly enjoyed. Based on this history, we opened todays Cabernet Sauvignon with high expectations. Can they go 3 for 3?   The 2009 Concannon Conservancy Livermore Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a great aroma of plum, black cherry, baking spice, a little nutmeg and vanilla. The wine tastes of dark, rich fruit and has soft tannins. There is also a little bit of pepper, leather and some earthiness that nicely balances out the fruit. Some good spice kicks in on the finish and the dark fruit flavors go on and on. Another fine wine from Concannon Vineyard.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120216"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Concannon Conservancy Cabernet Sauvignon Livermore Valley"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
198,"   Checking out the latest vintage of one of our favorite Petite Sirah.   95% Petite Sirah and 5% Petit Verdot from Livermore Valley, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. 21,200 cases produced.   From the bottle: ""Our conservancy wines help protect California vineyard land from urban development. Growers of these wines have placed their land into a trust that preserves against development forever.  Roots. Rocks. Intrigue. My Great-Grandfather, James Concannon began handcrafting outstanding wines in 1883. Concannon is Americas first winery to bottle Petite Sirah and has been doing so for over 40 years. By placing vineyards into conservancy it ensures wines will continue to be crafted for future generations. We believe preservation of vineyard and agricultural lands protects our quality of life.  Our Conservancy Petite Sirah is the essence of Concannon, displaying fantastic depth and character. It is full bodied, rich with cherry flavors and has a hint of toasty oak for a smooth silky finish. Pairs as well with barbequed chicken as your favorite lamb recipe.  Enjoy a glass and be part of the legacy!  14.2% Alcohol""Today we are checking out the new vintage of a wine that we have enjoyed many times, in fact its pretty much our go to Petite Sirah. We last checked out the 2008 vintage, so lets see how the 2009 holds up.  The 2009 Concannon Conservancy Petite Sirah begins with very pleasant aromas of dark ripe fruit, a little spice, licorice and menthol. Tasting the medium to full-bodied wine reveals lots of sweet blackberries and blueberries along with nice toasty oak notes wrapped up in a wonderful silky and full mouthfeel. Dusty and slightly sweet tannins lead into the finish of this easy and fun to drink wine. I liked it just as much as the 2008 which once again makes it one of my favorite Petite Sirah.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131202"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Concannon Conservancy Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/concannon-conservancy-petite-sirah.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
199,"   So good I couldnt even get a photo of a full bottle!  42% Grenache, 33% Shiraz, 25% Mourvèdre. SRP of $11, but available widely for $10.   Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Since 1912, the Osborn family has tended the 19th century vineyards and from 1927, made wine at dArenberg, their winery located near McLaren Vale, South Australia. Land for many of the regions old vineyards was originally cleared using the Stump Jump plough, a South Australian invention which enabled the ploughshare to jump over the gnarled roots of mallee Eucalyptus trees, saving valuable time and resources.  The grapes used for this Stump Jump are from predominantly very old bush-vine Grenache, Shiraz and Mourvèdre vines. Small parcels of groups sourced from various vineyards were gently crushed, fermented in traditional open-tanks, basket pressed and matured prior to bottling. 14.0% Alcohol""The previous vintage of this wine caused quite a stir making the Wine Spectator Top 100 wines list. I dont really put much stock in those lists but I was still looking forward to trying this wine because of the blend and the price tag, and I am quite glad that I did, as this wine was very good.   The 2009 dArenberg The Stump Jump Red exhibits strong aromas of plum, ripe fruit, and a little spice. The wine is very smooth with tastes of dark fruit, blackberry, and dried herbs. The medium-long finish shows the sharp edge when the spicy tannins come through, which I liked quite a bit. The wine was even a little better on day 2 so give it some time to breathe. This wine should find a spot in the next iteration of the Top 10 list.  Also be sure to check out the excellent Stump Jump White!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110801"",  ""title"" : ""2009 dArenberg The Stump Jump Red"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
200,"   Portugal can do it all.   30% Tinta Barroca, 25% Touriga Franca, 25% Touriga Nacional, 15% Tinta Roriz and 5% Tinta Cao from Douro Valley, Portugal.  SRP of $12 and available widely for around $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Vale do Bomfim is produced by the Symington family from grapes grown in vineyards that traditionally supply the House of Dow. It reflects the new style of wines from the Upper Douro valley where the regions wealth of grape varieties, mature vineyards and modern winemaking have been successfully combined. The elegant structure of this wine offers assertive spice aromas and delicious wild berry flavours. Ready for drinking now, although it will continue to improve further in the bottle.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Dows, one of the premier Port producers in the Douro Valley for over two centuries. In fact this wine was one made for many years solely for the family and their guests enjoyment. Lucky for us in recent years a number of the Douro Port houses have begun making and exporting excellent table wines, both red and white, not to mention the fantastic wine coming from the rest of the country. (Just check out Mondays"
201,"  40% Agiorgitiko, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon and 30% Syrah from Peloponnese, Greece.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Terlato Wines International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Let Elios Red transport you to the sunny Mediterranean -- a rich and flavorful wine that is just as comfortable at a backyard barbecue as with pasta and lamb. Ideal with Greek and Italian fare, but also pairs with the fresh flavors of Pan-Asian and Nuevo Latino cuisines.  40% Agiorgitiko -- for softness and blackberry notes 30% Cabernet Sauvignon -- for structure and hints of chocolate 30% Syrah -- for richness and a hint of baking spice  13.5% Alcohol""Fresh off our review of the refreshing Elios Mediterranean White we are diving right into the Red Blend from Elios. Similar to the white wine, this one also uses a combination of traditional grapes along with a popular Greek grape. In this case, Elios Wines has blended Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah with Agiorgitiko, a grape that Greek winemakers feel compares most closely with Merlot.  The 2009 Elios Mediterranean Red begins with a nice aroma of blackberry, black cherry, pepper and baking spice. This medium-bodied wine tastes very nice and is rich and silky. The rich fruit flavors continue on the finish along with a few lingering notes of chocolate. The end result is a very satisfying and easy to sip wine that will pair with lots of different food. Another fine wine from Elios.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120327"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Elios Mediterranean Red"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
202,"  50% Malbec, 50% Syrah from Mendoza, Argentina.   SRP of $12 and available for around $10. Sampled received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""The Famiglia Meschini Premium Line is the accomplishment of our dream to bring the true characteristics of each varietal to your glass. From the vineyard to the bottle we limit our intervention so that the aromas and senses come to life as you unleash these young and lively wines.  Our 2009 Premium Malbec Syrah is deep red in color with shades of indigo blue. Plum, red cherry and spices come alive in the nose. Balanced with a round and smooth finish.  14.0% Alcohol""Ive previously reviewed a couple white wines from Famiglia Meschini, the Chardonnay -- which took 3rd place in The Chardonnay Showdown, and also the Sparkling Torrontés which we also liked quite a bit. As such, I was excited to try my first red wine from Eugenio and Teresa Meschini, a husband/wife team that imports wines from their vineyards in Eugenios homeland of Argentina.   The 2009 Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec Syrah begins with strong aromas of plum and other dark fruit plus some floral and herbal notes. The wine has lots of dark berry flavor upfront when tasting followed by some surprising and really nice tannins that give the wine nice structure. This wine has a rich, silky texture. The Premium Malbec Syrah finishes with a great kick of spice and the dark fruit flavors keep going and going. An excellent and affordable wine for all those Holiday get-togethers that are fast approaching!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111102"",  ""title"" : ""Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec Syrah 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
203," Find all our Wine Club Reviews here.    100% Malbec from Patagonia, Argentina.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Plonk Wine Club for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Familia Grattini Winery is located in Patagonia, Argentina, where the lands encompass lakes, rivers, mountains and an endless plain, a land that invites us to live the incomparable sensation to discover magic at the end or the beginning of the world.  14.6% Alcohol""Our next wine in the Malbec Mania series comes from Patagonia which is interesting because I just received a press release the other day for another wine that claimed to be ""the only Malbec from Patagonia"". Guess not. But thats beside the point, what were interested here is, ""how does it taste?"" And this Patagonian Malbec tastes quite good.  The 2009 Familia Grittini Areo Malbec begins with aromas of dark ripe fruit, spice, and leather. The wine tastes smooth, silky and fruity with lots of dark berry flavors but then the dry finish brings loads of deep spice to the front providing a great counterbalance. Tasty! I also found this to be surprisingly good paired with a pumpkin muffin (that had cream cheese frosting and a Heath bar crumbled on top) so its got some food flexibility too!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Find our other recommended wines from the Plonk Wine Club here.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111203"",  ""title"" : ""Familia Grittini Areo Malbec 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    ""Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec Under $20"" Wines Reviewed To Date 2010 Santa Julia [+] Malbec 2009 Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec 2010 Alamos Malbec 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2009 Terrazas De Los Andes Malbec Reserva 2010 Recuerdo Malbec 2009 Familia Grittini Areo Malbec 2009 Santa Julia Reserva Malbec  This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!"
204,"  100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $12 and available widely for around $10. Sample received courtesy Wine Sellers Ltd for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Santa Julia range is symbolic of our respect and care for the natural Mendoza environment, their home since the company was created in 1963. Today, this third generation family of winemakers continue their mission through many programs that benefit the land, the community.  100% sustainable farmed grapes. Social welfare programs. Energy conservation. Use of green fertilizers. Wildlife preservation. Vineyard irrigation from pure mountain water and water recycling programs.  This Santa Julia Reserva Malbec is a rich full-flavored wine which has benefited from maturation in French oak for 10 months, giving structure and harmony. Intense plum and coffee aromas combine with spicy, smoky notes and vanilla finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Today we come to our last wine in our Malbec Mania series (at least for the time being). If you remember we started this series with another Santa Julia wine, the 2010 Santa Julia [+] Malbec, which received a rare "
205,"  33% Grenache, 34% Syrah and 33% Mourvèdre from Côtes du Rhône, France.  SRP of $12 and available for $9 at Costco. Sample received courtesy Palm Bay International for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Jean-Luc Colombo has forged an international reputation as one of the most visionary and imaginative winemakers in Frances Rhone Valley and especially in Cornas. ""My passion is to create wines that give people pleasure. I want each glass to be remembered for their statement of quality."" Jean-Luc Colombo  Les Abeilles (""the bees"") is a complex, multi-faceted wine that evokes the image of these fascinating creatures, often seen around our vineyards. A blend of red southern Rhone grapes, Les Abeilles originates from 25-year-old vines grown in the regions ancient, terraced vineyards. This medium-bodied, velvety red has intriguing aromas and flavors of red fruit, licorice and spice against a backdrop of smooth, silky tannins. Enjoy anytime!  13.5% Alcohol""Save the honey bees! Drink more wine!   Wait...what? Well evidently yes. The ""Les Abeilles"" wines from Jean-Luc Colombo are named for the honey bees that inhabit their vineyards. (Those wines include the Rouge we are reviewing today and also a Blanc white wine.) What you may not know is that the honey bee population has been dropping quite drastically in many areas over the last few years. This affects a lot more than just the price of honey as there are lots of crops that require pollination from bees. The connection with the wine goes deeper than the name; however, Jean-Luc Colombo has committed 4% of the SRP from Les Abeilles sales to be donated to the UC Davis Department of Entomology for Honey Bee Research.  The 2009 Jean-Luc Colombo Les Abeilles Côtes du Rhône Rouge has a very nice and aromatic nose with plum, ripe dark fruit and a little licorice. This wine tasted a little thin when first popped, but wow, this really opens up nicely once it gets some air. Smooth and silky blackberry and black cherry flavors give way to some nice spice on the dry and velvety finish. This is a wine that gets better with every sip. Not overly complex but extremely drinkable and a great bargain at only $9. Save the bees indeed!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111222"",  ""title"" : ""Jean-Luc Colombo Les Abeilles Côtes du Rhône Rouge 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
206,"   Another Extreme Value From Spain   100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $9.   From the winemaker: ""The vibrant red color of our 2009 Garnacha hints at its rich dark cherry and blackberry aromas and flavors. This well-structured wine integrates nuances of oak with round tannins to deliver a rich palate of decadent fruit flavors.  By cold-soaking the grapes prior to fermentation, we extracted the full range of color and flavors for which Garnacha is widely renowned. We fermented the grapes for 15 days at temperatures between 75°F and 82°F. Malolactic fermentation softened the mouthfeel and added depth and nuance to the Garnacha. A portion of the wine was aged in French and American oak barrels for nearly one year.  15.2% Alcohol""Today we go back to Spain, and specifically to the Calatayud to sample a 100% Garnacha from very old vines (up to 80 years). If this scenario sounds familiar its because our #1 rated red wine is also a Garnacha from the same region and also from very old vines -- the Evodia Garnacha. In fact, todays wine comes from the same person behind the Evodia, Eric Solomon, who it seems has a nose for value Spanish wines.  Similar to the Evodia, the Las Rocas is grown at high altitude and in rocky soil that gets lots of sun. These factors plus the old age of the vines means youre looking at low yields, but also very flavorful fruit. The question is whether this will translate into a flavorful wine that can parallel the magic of the Evodia. Lets find out.  The 2009 Las Rocas de San Alejandro Garnacha begins with aromas of ripe dark fruit like blackberry and black cherry plus a little licorice and even a few hints of banana. The wine tastes very smooth, silky and easy to drink. The primary flavors are blackberry again along with a good dose of oak. (Unlike the Evodia which only sees stainless steel, portions of this wine spend a good amount of time in oak.) The fruit flavors focus nicely on the finish and are followed by a burst of spice. Add in some chewy, dry tannins that last for a good long time and weve got a winner.  This is a different tasting wine than the Evodia thanks to the oak aging, and overall it is really excellent. In fact, if I could have found it a dollar cheaper like the Evodia it would have been a bulk buy! Nevertheless, its definitely worth the purchase of a few bottles!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121102"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Las Rocas Garnacha"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/las-rocas-garnacha-2009-garnacha-love.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
207,"  Malbec from Agrelo, Lujan de Coyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Ninety+ Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Story: If youve come to expect top quality Malbec from Argentina and great value from us, Lot 23 totally over-delivers. The grapes for this wine are hand harvested from 100 year-old vines situated on an expansive vineyard located in the Agrelo district of Lujan de Cuyo, one of the top spots in the world for growing Malbec. After fermentation, the wine is aged for six months in French oak barrels and then kept in bottle for another six months before release.  Taste: Deep ruby-purple color. The wine boasts exquisite aromas of black berries, ripe plum and robust spices. It is well balanced with ample structure and mild tannins. In the finish, more dark fruit flavors and hints of wood smoke emerge to leave a elegant and lasting impression.  13.9% Alcohol""It was a dark and stormy night...but the wine was mysterious and inviting, brooding even, with rich, succulent, dark fruit and dense, powerful spice. OK, enough of the purple prose, but it actually was a dark and stormy night when I drank this wine (and the wine is dark purple). I was planning on popping open a rosé since it was about 90 degrees and humid, but then a storm front came in, the temperature dropped and Malbec seemed like a much better choice. Plus, I had been looking forward to giving this wine a try given how much I liked the other two 90+ Cellars wines Ive reviewed: the Lot 35 Tempranillo Cabernet Sauvignon Crianza and the Reserve Lot 57 Rosso Toscana.   The 2010 Ninety Plus Cellars Lot 23 Old Vine Malbec begins with typical Malbec aromas of blackberry and plum as well as baking spice and a little cinnamon. All these aromas combine to make a very nice bouquet that is more engaging than your typical Malbec. The wine tastes quite good with dark fruit and dense spice. It has lots of oaky overtones, but theres plenty of fruit as well. It ends with a dry, medium-long, spicy finish. Overall quite a tasty wine. Those oaky overtones decrease as it gets more air so it may have actually been even a little better on day 2.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120606"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Ninety Plus Cellars Lot 23 Old Vine Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
208,"  40% Sauvignon Blanc, 30% Pinot Grigio and 30% Chardonnay from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $11 and available widely for $9. Sample received courtesy Banfi Vintners for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""CHEN-tee-nay Toscana White Wine  Our crisp, mellow cuvée of noble Tuscan grapes. Rich fruit flavors of pear, apricot and a wisp of lime. Complements fish, grilled poultry and flavorful American, Italian and Asian foods. Ideal as an aperitif.  12.5% Alcohol""Today we come to our third wine in the Banfi Centine line, and so far weve been very impressed with both the Rosso red wine and the Rosé. Can the Bianco white wine make it three for three? Lets find out.  The 2010 Banfi Centine Bianco Toscana begins with aromas of pear, lemon/lime, and a little pineapple. The wine tastes nicely refreshing and crisp. The pear, lemon/lime and pineapple aromas carry over when tasting this nicely sweet wine. Theres also a bit of underlying minerality that gives good contrast to the fruit flavors. The dry, medium length finish entices you to take another sip. Another winner for the Banfi Centine line of wines.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120109"",  ""title"" : ""Banfi Centine Bianco Toscana 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
209,"  A blend of Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $11 and available for $10. Sample received courtesy Banfi Vintners for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""CHEN-tee-nay Toscana Rosé Wine  Refreshingly dry and sophisticated cuvée of our noble Tuscan grapes. Enjoy fresh wild-berry flavors with an elegantly crisp finish. Ideal as an aperitif or companion to entrée salads, grilled poultry, and lighter fare.  12.0% Alcohol""This is our second wine from the Banfi Centine line after reviewing the Rosso red wine earlier this week. (Well be reviewing the Bianco white wine shortly as well.) Evidently, rosé wines are somewhat rare in Tuscany, which is really a pity because this blend of Sangiovese, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot works quite nicely together. Im really finding myself enjoying rosé wines that dont go overboard on the minerality and this one fits the bill quite nicely.  The 2010 Banfi Centine Rosé Toscana begins with a very nice aroma of fresh strawberries and a touch of sea salt. Tasting the wine shows creamy berry flavors with some light mineral undertones. This is a very refreshing wine with good mouthfeel. It ends with a dry and crisp finish with good length. One of those wines that gets better and better as you drink it.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120105"",  ""title"" : ""Banfi Centine Rosé Toscana 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
210,"   Our latest Costco find.   100% Sangiovese from Chianti Classico, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $15 and available for $9.89 at Costco.   From the bottle: ""Style: A deliciously concentrated example of Chianti Classico, this has dark ruby colour and rich notes of black cherry, fruitcake and plum on the palate.   Serving: Serve this wine at room temperature. It makes a versatile partner for lots of savoury dishes, but do try it above all with meaty pasta dishes, roast game or poultry and mature cheeses.   Keeping: This wine has been released ready to drink, but it will evolve well over the next twenty four months, softening and mellowing with maturity. Store in a cool, dark and dry place.   About This Wine: The grapes for this wine are 100% Sangiovese. This wine was aged in Slavonian oak casks for 12 months to add extra richness and body.  13.0% Alcohol""Were a big fan of the deals to be had at Costco, so today were eager to share our latest find. As weve mentioned before Chianti can be confusing with all the different designation and subregions. Todays wine is a Chianti Classico, which is basically a step up from your average Chianti. However, as we always advise I wouldnt concentrate too much on designations -- what really matters is whether you like the wine.   The 2010 Basilica Cafaggio Single Estate Chianti Classico begins with pleasant aromas of sour cherry, baking spice, a little leather and cranberry. Tasting reveals more sour but juicy cherry and lovely spice notes featuring hints of vanilla and cinnamon. Its all wrapped up in an extremely tasty, smooth and silky texture. The wine ends dry with a good dose of spice followed by lingering juicy tart fruit. It holds up just fine on day 2. This one is tailor made for pizzas and pastas and it might just be the best $10 Chianti Classico weve ever tasted!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140127"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Basilica Cafaggio Single Estate Chianti Classico"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/basilica-cafaggio-single-estate-chianti-classico.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
211,"   60% Malbec, 40% Cabernet Sauvignon and made with organically grown grapes. Available for $10. Sample received courtesy Marquee Selections for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Mendoza Red Wine Concentrated Malbec and silky Cabernet Sauvignon are blended to create a delicious red wine with dark cherry & blackberry flavors, spicy notes, and smooth tannins. A wine to complement your cuisine; try with grilled meats, roast beef or hearty sauces. 13.9% Alcohol.""Caligiore is an organic producer in Argentina imported by Marquee Selections which focuses on organic and green producers. The Malbec used in this blend comes from 80 year old vines, and according to their website these wines are not aged in wood in an effort to let the quality of the grape shine through. I cant tell you if these production methods really make a difference but I can tell you that this wine is very good.  The 2010 Caligiore Staccato Malbec/Cabernet Sauvignon opens with aromas of ripe fruit, blackberry, spice, and flowers. Dont be afraid to give this wine some time to breathe as you will be rewarded for it -- it tastes good right out of the bottle, but it gets even better with some air. This wine has a lot of fruit with flavors of cherry and blackberry. It is medium-bodied and balanced with smooth but firm tannins on the finish. It shows some good complexity with distinct differences between the palate and the finish. We found this wine to be even better on day 2 as the tannins smoothed out a bit more, and the nose was still very strong. Excellent!  Also see the review for the 2009 Caligiore Reserve Malbec.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110714"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Caligiore Staccato Malbec Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
212,"  50% Sauvignon Blanc, 40% Semillon, and 10% Muscadelle from France. SRP of $12.99 and available widely for around $10.  Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""André Lurtons family has presided over the prime vineyards of Château Bonnet for over a hundred years. Harnessing this heritage and tradition, and adopting modern winemaking techniques, André has crafted this delicious, dry white from the classic Bordeaux varieties Sauvignon (50%), Semillon (40%) and Muscadelle (10%). Serve lightly chilled.  12.0% Alcohol""The 2010 Château Bonnet Entre-Deux-Mers White begins with aromas of citrus, grapefruit and pear along with some floral notes. Tasting the wine shows lots of citrus (lemon/lime) flavors as well as grapefruit, pear, peaches and a little guava. The Château Bonnet tastes nice and fresh with a great mix of strong flavors. The wine ends with a good finish featuring a nice concentration of flavors that linger for awhile. All this plus good acidity opens up lots of food pairing possibilities but drinking this wine actually makes me crave a Neapolitan pizza! Gets better and better with every sip!  Stay tuned for another review of wine from Château Bonnet tomorrow, the Bordeaux Rosé.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111006"",  ""title"" : ""Château Bonnet Entre-Deux-Mers White 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
213,"  50% Moschofilero, 30% Chardonnay, 10% Roditis and 10% Savatiano from Peloponnese, Greece.  SRP of $13 and available widely for around $10. Sample received courtesy Terlato Wines International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Let Elios White transport you to the sunny Mediterranean -- a light, crisp and refreshing blend with complex citrus and floral aromas. Ideal with Greek and Italian fare, but also pairs with the fresh flavors of Pan-Asian and Nuevo Latino cuisines.  50% Moschofilero -- for a fresh melon bouquet 30% Chardonnay -- for rich apple notes 10% Roditis -- for crisp citrus flavors 10% Savatiano -- for hints of wildflowers  12.0% Alcohol""Todays wine come from the Elios Winery in Greece. The name Elios is inspired by the Greek word for the sun, helios, and their wines are intended to reflect the sun soaked character of the Mediterranean. To do this they blend traditional grapes like Chardonnay with Mediterranean grapes like Moschofilero, which can have characteristics similar to Muscat; Roditis, a pink skin grape; and Savatiano, one of the most widely planted grapes in Greece. The result? Lets find out...   The 2010 Elios Mediterranean White begins with very appealing aromas of peach, citrus (mostly lemon), honey and floral notes. The wine tastes light, crisp and delicious with pear, peach and citrus flavors. This one also has really good acidity. Tart lemon and green apple takeover on the satisfying and refreshing finish. Delicious!  Tomorrow we will review the Elios Mediterranean Red. You may also want to check out our mini-series on the Wines of Santorini for some more tasty Greek wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120326"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Elios Mediterranean White"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
214,"  100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. SRP of about $12 but available for as low as $9.  Sample received courtesy Dreyfus, Ashby & Co. for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Varietal Composition: 100% Malbec  Young, fruity 100% Malbec from the sun-soaked vineyards of Luján de Cuyo in Mendoza, Argentina - the worlds premier source of Malbec. Ruby-red flushed with violet, IQUE offers a ripe berry aroma, firm structure, soft lush tannins and a satisfying finish.  Pairs well with meat, pasta, cheese.  Best served at 62°-64°F  14.0% Alcohol""For a time it seemed like you could hardly go wrong when choosing an Argentinian Malbec, but I have to say I have been disappointed by some wines in this variety lately. And while previous vintages of this particular wine received some mixed reviews, there was no disappointment at all here.  The 2010 Enrique Foster IQUE Malbec exhibits aromas of blackberry, plum and spice. The wine tastes true to the bouquet with blackberry, plum and spice flavors. The dry finish adds some nice spicy tannins and blackberry flavor that hangs around for awhile. This is simply a very good Malbec that Id be happy to drink on a regular basis. A nice option for an affordable house wine for Malbec fans!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110909"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Enrique Foster IQUE Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
215,"   From the wine, to the label, to the price, we dig it all.   A blend of 40% Tinta Roriz, 40% Touriga Franca and 20% Touriga Nacional from Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Assobio is the name of a hillside at Murcas Estate, where its highest vineyards are found. Each year we invite a photographer to portray the estate and its people. For the second Assobio harvest, we invited Jose Manuel Rodrigues. The photo was taken in October 2011.  13.5% Alcohol""Still wine from the Douro using traditional Port grapes is another great find for Reverse Wine Snobs. Often even under $10, these wines drink far beyond their cost. Todays wine comes from the Quinta Dos Murcas estate which dates back to the early 18th century and was recently acquired by Esporao, a leader in Portugese wine (and olive oil).  The 2010 Esporao Quinta Dos Murcas Assobio Douro begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, black cherry, a little spice and even a little raisin. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals great flavor, lovely spice and lots of delicious fruit (red currant and black cherry primarily). Youll also find nice acidity and a great smooth, dry texture. Only 20% of the wine was aged in oak (and for just 6 months). It ends with dry, tangy fruit flavors and lingering raisin/prune notes.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = { ""id"" : ""5501784"", ""unique_id"" : ""20130919"", ""title"" : ""2010 Esporao Assobio Douro"", ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/esporao-assobio-douro.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
216,"  100% Malbec from San Juan, Argentina.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy Pernod Ricard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Graffigna (grah FEE nyah) Centenario is a tribute to the 100th anniversary of the winery, founded by Santiago Graffigna in 1870. His commitment and passionate dedication created the foundation on which the winery was built. Graffigna has become a true Argentinean icon, delivering premium, world class wines for over 135 years. Oaky notes in this wine are the result of aging 50% of the wine in oak barrels for 12 months, which combines with 50% unaged in oak, offering plenty of fruit.   Suggested Food Matching: Lamb Ossobuco with hot spicy pumpkin risotto in Malbec reduction.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine was my drink of choice last Tuesday for #MalbecWorldDay. This variety is a particular favorite of mine and for awhile it seemed as if Malbec could do wrong -- virtually every one I tried was relatively good. However, perhaps like many of you, Ive found myself becoming more picky about which ones I will drink as it seems the quality isnt always there.   Todays recommendation comes from the second oldest winery in Argentina, in San Juan, which is quite a remarkable place. I wouldnt have suspected that precipitation levels similar to the Sahara desert would be good for growing grapes, but thanks to the abundant underground water supply, over 310 days of sunshine a year and the high altitude, my suspicions were wrong.  The 2010 Graffigna Centenario Reserve Malbec begins with complex aromas of blackberry, spice, lavender, cola and vanilla. Tasting the wine shows dense, rich and juicy flavors along with great balance and complexity. This tasty wine has lots of great berry and toasty oak, cola and a little chocolate plus prominent dense tannins. It ends with a good, medium-long finish with continued notes of toasty oak and chocolate. Highly recommended!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120426"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Graffigna Centenario Reserve Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
217,"   Great for a grill out.   82% Petite Sirah, 7% Petit Verdot, 5% Sangiovese, 3% Syrah and 3% Zinfandel from California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our HandCraft Petite Sirah is overflowing with dark blackberry and plum flavors. Ive added a personal touch with a dash of Zinfandel, one of the first grape varieties embraced by early Italian farmers in California, that adds black pepper spice and jammy boysenberry notes. In this way, the wines are like me, with a California home and a touch of Italian heritage. Enjoy this full-bodied wine by itself or with tri-tip, burgers, macaroni and cheese or grilled pork chops. -- Cheryl Indelicato, Proprietor  14.5% Alcohol""Petite Sirah is a particular favorite here at The Reverse Wine Snob. For whatever reason this variety never seems to get its due and, as such, prices tend to stay relatively low. Dont let the low cost fool you however, as Petite Sirah often produces deliciously big wines of high quality creating a very nice value proposition for those of us on a wine budget. (For those unfamiliar with this grape, Petite Sirah is a different variety than Syrah, although Syrah is believed to be one of its parents. You can find some more info on its history here and here.)   The 2010 HandCraft Petite Sirah begins with abundant aromas of jammy fruit -- blueberry, blackberry and cherry -- plus a nice bit of black pepper. Its a nice aroma, but the main event is when tasting the wine. Here youll find a wonderful velvety texture with lots of layers of sweet spice, black pepper and, of course, dark jammy fruit. This is a full-bodied wine with good acidity and some nice vanilla and oak notes from the 4-6 months 90% of the wine spent in French oak. We often recommend Petite Sirah for grilled meats and this wine is no exception. A big wine at a small price!  Want to explore more Petite Sirah? Here are five more of my favorites, all well under $20! The Crusher Growers Selection Petite Sirah 2011 - Crushes It!  Ravenswood Vintners Blend Petite Sirah 2010 - Simply Good  Line 39 North Coast Petite Sirah 2010 - A Party Essential  McManis Family Vineyards Petite Sirah 2010 - Smoky Blackberry and Toffee  Concannon Vineyard Conservancy Petite Sirah Livermore Valley 2008 - My Favorite Petite Sirah  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130424"",  ""title"" : ""2010 HandCraft Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/handcraft-petite-sirah.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
218,"  100% Muscat Canelli from California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Fresh, flirty and fragrant, Moscato Allegro is made in the tradition of classic Northern Italian Muscat wines. Using only the finest Muscat Canelli grapes, Moscato Allegro features a signature notes of exotic orange blossom and honeyed peach to create a deliciously versatile wine. Serve as an aperitif, pair with your favorite foods or enjoy all by itself. Salute!  7.5% Alcohol""No doubt about it, Moscato is hot. Whats not to like about it really -- nicely sweet, sometimes with a little bit of bubbles, relatively cheap and generally of good quality. For generations of Americans that guzzle Coke and Pepsi the sugary sweetness of Moscato hits the spot. My only complaint about it is that some of the Moscato out there definitely goes overboard on the sweet scale. Now, if its labeled a dessert wine and consumed as such thats OK, but if youre not expecting that level of sweetness it can be a bit of a shock. Todays wine, while still sweet, definitely does not go overboard. And I like it a lot.  The 2010 Martin & Weyrich Moscato Allegro begins with aromas of honey, orange peel, apricots, a little melon and some floral notes. Very nice. The wine is slightly effervescent and tastes nicely sweet with lots of honey, orange peel, peaches and vanilla flavors. A really delicious and easy to drink wine that is plenty sweet but not cloying at all. At 7.5% alcohol this is also quite nice for a low alcohol option. The finish is of medium length and sweet but still has enough crispness to it. Quite nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120612"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Moscato Allegro"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
219,"  Zinfandel from California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Zinfandel grapes of exceptional quality made the 2010 vintage a stand-out and this wine is a great example of the combination of superior fruit and winemaking skill. Aged 4-6 months on French and American oak, this classic Zinfandel shows off its quality with gorgeous purple color, an abundance of red berry aromas, and classic red and black raspberry flavors -- enough to make Zinfandel lovers swoon!  13.5% Alcohol""Were a fan of the McManis family wines here at The Reverse Wine Snob as weve featured several as Recommended Buys. This includes a Malbec (from California), a Pinot Noir and really nice Petite Sirah. Not to mention the Jack Tone line of boxed wines, also from McManis. Todays wine; however, might just be our favorite yet.  The 2010 McManis Zinfandel begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry, vanilla and a little spice. The wine tastes of cherry and other red berries plus some really nice pepper, spice and a little molasses. It features smooth and soft tannins. The finish is dry with a good little burst of peppery spice and then lingering notes of vanilla and caramel. This is a really nice Zin that does not go totally overboard like some others that are the rage now. I liked it quite a bit -- it might even be my favorite McManis wine so far, and thats saying something!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120619"",  ""title"" : ""2010 McManis Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
220,"   Loco For Lodi Wine #7   77% Cabernet Sauvignon, 18% Malbec and 5% Petite Sirah from Lodi, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Born in France...Raised in America. Not all vines are created equal.  Noble Vines 337 is the most coveted Cabernet Sauvignon vine stock in Bordeaux, France. These rare vines are prized for their concentrated flavor and thrive in the red soils and cobblestones of our Lodi vineyard.  This wine exudes seductive aromas of mocha and dark cherry followed by intense flavors of ripe blackberry and spice. Enjoy with savory pasta, pot roast, thick steaks and creamy cheeses.  14.5% Alcohol""Throughout this series on the wines of Lodi, California the thing that has stood out the most to me is the sheer variety of wine being made here. Lodi is not just about Zinfandel. From Italian varietals (red and white) to a unique rosé blend to Petite Sirah weve begun to see a bit of this areas breadth. And even todays wine, good old Cabernet Sauvignon, adds an interesting twist with a special Cabernet clone straight from Bordeaux.   The 2010 Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon begins with very pleasant aromas of ripe blackberry and plum along with a little chocolate and espresso. The wine tastes really delicious with lots of ripe, rich fruit, leather and vanilla plus firm, chewy tannins and just the right amount of spice. That spice intensifies on the dry finish and lasts for a good time while the chocolate and espresso notes also re-surface at the very end. A brilliant match for a burger and its just as good on day 2!  Wine in the Loco for Lodi Series: Uvaggio Vermentino 2011 - Loco for Lodi Michael David Winery Petite Petit 2010 - Just Plain Fun To Drink Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - A Classic Lodi Zin Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely!  Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - Super Ripe and Rich Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa 2012 - More Than Your Typical Rosé  Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - A Brilliant Burger Wine  Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera 2011 - A Beauty Of A Barbera  Gnarly Head Authentic Red 2010 - Ready to Party   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130710"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/noble-vines-337-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
221,"   Loco for Lodi Wine #5.   77% Zinfandel and 23% Petite Sirah from Lodi, California.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""For over 30 years, wine connoisseurs have trusted Ravenswood to deliver bold, classically crafted wines of exceptional quality and soul. Our Lodi wine showcases one of the finest wine-growing regions in California. This intense Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel, made from low-yielding vines, bursts with concentrated sweet plum, blueberry and spice flavors.  14.9% Alcohol""Next up in our Loco for Lodi series we go back to Lodis bread and butter - an Old Vine Zinfandel. And today we selected one from the large, but always reliable producer Ravenswood. We recently covered their Napa Valley Old Vine Zinfandel which is a few dollars more than todays and we loved it. Lets see how the Lodi version stacks up!  The 2010 Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, cola, a little licorice and cedar. The wine tastes super ripe and rich -- I absolutely love it! Theres plenty of dark fruit like black cherry, plum and blackberry combined with a big load of spice and a hint of cocoa. The medium-long finish made me pucker a bit. An excellent example of the type of big, rich Zinfandel that is so popular right now.  Wine in the Loco for Lodi Series: Uvaggio Vermentino 2011 - Loco for Lodi Michael David Winery Petite Petit 2010 - Just Plain Fun To Drink Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - A Classic Lodi Zin Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely!  Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - Super Ripe and Rich Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa 2012 - More Than Your Typical Rosé  Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - A Brilliant Burger Wine  Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera 2011 - A Beauty Of A Barbera  Gnarly Head Authentic Red 2010 - Ready to Party   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130613"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/ravenswood-lodi-old-vine-zinfandel.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
222,"   Shoofly, come bother me. Really. Anytime.   100% Shiraz from McLaren Vale, Langhorne Creek and Clare Valley, South Australia.  SRP of $14 and available widely for around $9. Purchased.  From the bottle: ""Whats with life these days? So many distractions...turn on the TV, see all those billboards, the internets gone crazy, the mans hollering on the street, the flies are buzzing. Whats a person to do? Give em all the Aussie salute! A flick of the wrist across your dial and send those worries scurrying (not to mention the flies)! It also helps to pour yourself a glass of this succulent, deep fruited Shiraz, which is made from seriously good, old vine fruit grown in premium districts around Adelaide. Previous vintages have received terrific praise from most wine critics -- the 2007 vintage was even awarded a place in the Wine Spectator Top 100 Wines of 2009!  14.5% Alcohol""Were huge fans of Syrah/Shiraz here at The Reverse Wine Snob so when I saw that this one was made by Ben Riggs, the same winemaker as the uniquely delicious Zontes Footstep wines, I just knew I had to give it a try. Mr. Riggs is the winemaker behind several Reverse Wine Snob favorites: 2010 Zontes Footstep Doctoress di Lago - Not Your Mothers Pinot Grigio. 2010 Zontes Footstep Scarlet Ladybird Rosé - ""Bloody Good Drink!"" Zontes Footstep Avalon Tree Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - Rich, Fruity and Fantastic. Lets find out if we like todays wine as much as we did these!  The 2010 Shoofly Shiraz begins with dense earthy aromas of blackberry, mulberry, licorice, spice, black pepper and a little vanilla. Very nice. Tasting the wine reveals a ton of delicious juicy fruit plus a good layer of black pepper and spice that lasts all the way to the finish. Speaking of the finish, I love that signature Shiraz spice and this wine definitely has it. Youll also find sweet blackberry and a good dose of toasty oak (Id let this one decant a bit before drinking it). It held up just fine on day 2. Excellent!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121204"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Shoofly Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/shoofly-shiraz-2010-sweet-and-spicy.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
223,"   Good enough to be the house wine in Camelot?  100% Merlot from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Avalon produces Napa Valley wines that earn respect and high praise for outstanding character and value. Our Merlot offers flavors of dark cherry and ripe plum with a hint of classic earthiness. Silky tannins support the rich fruit in this balanced, food-friendly wine.  13.8% Alcohol""When you name the brand of your wine after paradise (Avalon in Arthurian legend) it better be good. Of course, youd probably also expect the corresponding price tag to be quite hefty especially when the wine is coming from what many might consider the California wine paradise -- Napa Valley. But in a rare twist, the wine is actually cheap! The question is whether it is worthy of its name...lets find out.  The 2011 Avalon Napa Valley Merlot begins with a very pleasant and intriguing aroma of red and black cherry, plum, anise, butterscotch and cinnamon spice. Tasting the wine reveals a dry, smooth and silky texture with very soft tannins. This medium-bodied wine has lots of delicious fruit (black cherry mostly) along with cola, nice spice and a good dollop of oak -- youll want to give it a little time to decant before drinking. It ends with lingering butterscotch and vanilla notes. Overall a very good, easy to drink Merlot that also offers up some nice complexity. Highly recommended for your round table especially at only $10.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121228"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Avalon Napa Valley Merlot"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/avalon-napa-valley-merlot-2011-royally-good.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
224,"  50% Chardonnay and 50% Torrontés from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $10 and available for $9. Sample received courtesy Winesource International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""In the lower foothills of the Andes, in Mendoza, stands Bodega Cruz de Piedra, the winery that pioneered the single varietal history in Argentina. The founding Alonso family tend to the vineyards while the stunning vista of the snow-covered Andes in the vineyards background reminds us of the stark contrast of natures forces -- intense heat in the vineyards and the snow on the Andes that becomes precious water flow to feed the vines root systems. This 2011 Chardonnay-Torrontés is a perfect offering of those natural forces in the vineyards reflecting bright golden hues of the Mendoza sun. Bright yellow in the glass with subtle green undertones, young and expressive with luscious floral aromas and bright pineapple flavors with a crisp bright finish.  The name Bandana is a nod to the famous Argentinean cowboys of past, known as Gauchos, who wore brightly hand-woven fabrics known as Bandanas.  13.5% Alcohol""Now this is my kind of Chardonnay! Maybe thats because its not just a Chardonnay but a 50/50 blend of Chardonnay and one of my favorite white varieties, Torrontés. This is my first time trying this type of blend, and it definitely wont be my last.  This wine showcases the reason I love white (and red) blends so much. When you drink a single varietal wine, they can be really good, but you know basically what you are getting based on the grape. Not so with blends  -- these unexpected pairings can give some really surprising and delicious results, such as todays wine.  The 2011 Bodega Cruz de Piedra Bandana Chardonnay-Torrontés begins with pleasing aromas of honeysuckle and other flowers, apple, some tropical fruit and a few mineral notes. The wine tastes quite delicious with a nice full and lively texture and layers of ripe pineapple and other delicious fruit. Add in a little minerality, and this is shaping up into quite a blend! The refreshing finish features juicy fruit and even a hint of spice. All of that resolves into some long lasting mineral notes and even longer lasting zesty fruit. Fantastic!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly RecommendedFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120630"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bandana Chardonnay-Torrontés"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
225," Includes an explanation of the Costco pricing model.     Tastes like a lot more than $10!   100% Tempranillo from Ribera del Duero, Spain.  Purchased at Costco for $9.99.  From the bottle: ""This spicy, medium bodied red is produced from vineyards located within Ribera del Duero (Zone 2) at 732-975m (2,400-3,200 ft) elevation. The vines are tended in clay and limestone soil. Average temperature during the growing season from April to October is 18C (64.4F) and annual rainfall is 500m (19.8in). Oak-aged for 4 months in French and American oak barrels. Barco de Piedra pairs extremely well with beef steak.  13.5% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were all about finding great wine for under $20. Critical to the success of that strategy; however, is finding the most inexpensive place to buy wine. After all, the lower the mark-up the better the chance of finding good wine under our $20 threshold. I see the exact same wine for wildly different prices at competing stores all the time so finding the best stores in your market is critical. For many of us, one of those stores will be Costco. Heres why:  Costcos average margin (per their financial filings) is about 12%. Costco has stated that the highest margin they will take on a non-Costco brand is 13% and they strive to keep it closer to 10%. On private label (Kirkland Signature) items they will go up to 15% margin but of course the price is still lower than other brands because they cut out the middle man. Its an amazing business model -- their stores average about $130 million in sales annually. Their total revenue is around $75 billion and they make several billion in net earnings yet investors complain because they think their margin is too low and they pay their employees too much!  As far as I can tell these margins hold true for their wine sales as well. No wonder Costco is the largest retailer of wine in the USA! So all this week we will be featuring wines purchased from (my local) Costco just last week. Inventory can vary quite a bit between stores and regions but hopefully youll all be able to find at least a couple of our featured wines this week. So without further ado lets get to our first wine!  The 2011 Bodegas Barco de Piedra Tempranillo begins with aromas of black currants, leather and licorice with a bit of a vegetal component to it. Honestly I wasnt sure what to expect based on the bouquet but tasting the wine reveals I had no reason for worry. This 100% Tempranillo features deep, dark and rich fruit with a smooth, full texture. This is a really nice example of a lightly oaked Tempranillo that proves the wine can still be robust and powerful without spending a long time in oak. It ends nicely with spicy mineral notes and more dark fruit that sticks around for a long time. This one definitely tastes like a lot more than $10!  Wine in the 2013 Costco Week Series! Wine #1: Bodegas Barco de Piedra Tempranillo 2011 - Tastes like a lot more than $10! Wine #2: Kirkland Signature Malbec 2011 - Plenty good, but its not a pop and pour proposition.  Wine #3: Atteca Old Vines Garnacha 2010 - Powerfully good Garnacha! BULK BUY! Wine #4: La Massa Toscana 2010 - More Massa for me please. BULK BUY! Wine #5: Tarima Monastrell 2011 - The M in GSM takes the stage under a different name and brings down the house.  Wine #6: Castello Banfi Belnero 2009 - A Budget (Quasi-)Brunello  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130218"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bodegas Barco de Piedra Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/bodegas-barco-de-piedra-tempranillo.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
226,"   Another wildly good wine at a great Costco price.   92% Cabernet Sauvignon, 6% Cabernet Franc and 2% Malbec from Horse Heaven Hills Vineyards, Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10-$11 at Costco.   From the bottle: ""Washington states famed Horse Heaven Hills, named for the wild horses that once roamed this area, have been home to the Columbia Crest winery for over two decades. Our winemaker blends innovation and tradition to capture this unique basalt and bedrock terroir creating wines that highlight the intensity of these grapes. This bold medium-bodied Cabernet Sauvignon delivers aromas of cherry blossoms and rose petals, with a perfect balance of earth, mineral and deep berry flavors, and a soft tannin cocoa finish.  14.0% Alcohol""Today were highlighting our second Costco pick in three days and its another good one! (See Mondays review of The Best $10 Chianti Classico Weve Ever Tasted for the other pick.) This wine is also a result of our search to try to cover more great wine from Washington state.  The Columbia Crest H3 Horse Heaven Hills Cabernet Sauvignon 2011 begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, blackberry and other dark fruit plus a good dose of oak and a little leather, coffee and vanilla. The wine tastes rich, juicy and lush with abundant flavors of plum, black cherry and black currant jam. The oak takes a back seat when tasting with secondary notes of coffee, leather and vanilla carrying over from the nose. It ends dry with good length and lingering notes of black tea under the fruit. Very nice and quite fun to drink!  Also check out a couple of our other recent recommended wines from Washington state: Parejas Cellars Tres Rojas de Mesa 2008 - Fabulously Tasty.  The Keeper Cabernet Franc 2010 - A Contender.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140129"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Columbia Crest H3 Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/columbia-crest-h3-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
227," Includes an explanation of malolactic fermentation and how those buttery notes get in Chardonnay.     A great price for Chardonnay of this quality.   100% Chardonnay from Horse Heaven Hills, Washington.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Washington states famed Horse Heaven Hills, named for the wild horses that once roamed this area, have been home to the Columbia Crest winery for over two decades. Our winemaker blends innovation and tradition to capture this unique basalt and bedrock terroir creating wines that highlight the intensity of these grapes. This medium-bodied Chardonnay is perfectly balanced delivering aromas of tropical pineapple and pear, flavors of tart apples and caramelized sugar, with a seductive coconut-vanilla finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Chardonnay can be a bit of a love/hate proposition for a lot of people mainly because of the two extremes in style that are popular today -- the unoaked, fruit forward, high acidity wines typically fermented in stainless steel and the big, rich, oaky and buttery style popular in California.   Its this second style that people tend to either love or hate. These wines are typically aged in French oak (many times mostly new French oak) and undergo a secondary fermentation called malolactic fermentation. Its this fermentation, and not oak aging, that are actually the source of those distinct buttery notes. A byproduct of malic acid (think tart green apple flavors) being converted to softer, creamier lactic acid is diacetyl which smells and tastes like butter.  The oaky, buttery style is also a lot more expensive thanks to all that new French oak which can cost upwards of $4,000 per barrel. (American oak is much more economical at $4-500 per barrel.) One barrel only produces 25 cases or 300 bottles of wine, so you can see how quickly these costs add up. Luckily barrels can be used many times but for a winemaker who wants to utilize mostly new French oak, their costs can skyrocket.  And while I tend to prefer the naked or unoaked style, some of my very favorite Chardonnays come from combining the two styles together. Todays wine is one such example. 75% of the wine was fermented in a combination of new and used French and American oak and underwent malolactic fermentation. The other 25% was fermented in stainless steel and did not undergo malolactic fermentation. The result?  The 2011 Columbia Crest H3 Horse Heaven Hills Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of citrus, a little vanilla cream and a little spice. Tasting the wine reveals lots of fruit and a steely minerality that quickly gives way to toasty, oaky, spicy notes that then turn a bit buttery on the finish. This is a rich, medium to full-bodied wine that offers a great mix of the unoaked and buttery styles in one wine. It ends with very long lasting butter, tobacco and vanilla notes. This is a great price for a wine of this quality especially when you figure in the cost of those barrels used for 75% of the wine!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140711"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Columbia Crest H3 Horse Heaven Hills Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/07/columbia-crest-h3-horse-heaven-hills-chardonnay.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
228,"  100% Pinotage rosé from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $10 and available for around $9. Sample received courtesy Wine Source International for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""TASTES LIKE: a crushed summer berry smoothie with mouthwatering red cherry and Turkish delight tones beautifully balanced to a succulent fruity finish.  GOES WITH: an ice bucket and a smile anytime with or without smoked salmon pasta, sticky ribs or BBQ beef and chicken burgers.  12.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is made from the Pinotage grape, a signature South African variety that we discussed in our Franschhoek Cellar Stone Bridge review. Many feel that this hybrid cross between the Pinot Noir and Hermitage grapes is, shall we say, an acquired taste. Making a rosé with this grape is really a wonderful idea as you can avoid the high tannins usually associated with it since the wine does not spend much time in contact with the grape skins.   Todays rosé wine also has a nice pedigree in that it is from The Beach House line by Douglas Green, a line which includes a Red and a White wine weve recommended highly in the past. Both are just fabulous summer wines at a great price, as is todays rosé as it turns out.  The 2011 Douglas Green The Beach House Rosé begins with lots of bright, fresh berry aromas. The wine tastes dry, slightly sweet and delicious. This is a fruit forward wine with crisp and clean berry flavors. The finish has just a hint of spice and then the fresh berry flavors last for really long time. You really cant help but take another drink. Pinotage can be polarizing, but this is certainly one example that everyone can get into. A very refreshing wine -- be careful or the bottle will be gone in no time. If I had tasted this one in time I would have included it in my Five Favorites - Refreshing Rosé article, its that good!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120614"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Douglas Green The Beach House Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
229,"  100% Moscato from Trivento, Italy.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy DeVries PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Style. Elegance. Sophistication.  Inspired by the allure of modern Italy, I create wines from some of the finest vineyards in Italys renowned Venezie region. Ecco Domani Moscato showcases bright floral hints of orange blossom and sweet tropical fruit aromas, with a flavor that is smooth and refreshing.  8.5% Alcohol""Moscato is hot, no doubt about it. As such, I contemplated naming this post ""Moscato Madness"" or ""Moscato Mania"" but that didnt just seem to go far enough. ""Monomania"" on the other hand, ""an obsessive zeal for a single object"", seems to better capture just how popular this variety is. Im guessing todays wine, which is a brand new introduction from the very popular Ecco Domani Wines in Italy, may just take this ""Monomania"" to a whole new level.  As we mentioned in the Moscato Allegro post last week, theres a lot of Moscato out there, and its hard not to like it. The best examples; however, dont go overboard with syrupy sweetness. Lets see just how todays measures up.  The 2011 Ecco Domani Moscato begins with a nice slightly sweet aroma of mandarin orange, honeysuckle and peach. The wine tastes really delicious and is easy to drink. This is a slightly bubbly (frizzante) wine that is clean and fresh with nice fruit. Not only that, but good acidity gives it lots of pairing power and combined with the sweetness would make it a good match for spicy foods. It finishes clean with some lingering mandarin orange and apricot. Quite tasty and sure to be a favorite!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120618"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Ecco Domani Moscato"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
230,"  100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $11 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Vino Del Sol for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our Malbec grapes are selected from our estate vineyards located in the best wine-growing regions of Mendoza. Located at various altitudes each of these terroirs provides a wonderful expression of fruit and varietal concentration. Deep purple color, with high intensity of black fruits, raspberries and violets. Aged 6 months in oak.  13.8% Alcohol""Malbec, how I love thee. Delicious, inexpensive, great with a steak or just on its own...I dare you not to like this variety. Not all Malbec is created equal however and with the rise in popularity of this grape there has also come a number of low quality offerings. No worries though as were here to taste the bad along with the good and recommend our favorites. And after drinking todays wine I can confidently say this one is not just good, but very good.  The 2011 Fincas Patagonicas Zolo Malbec begins with wonderful deep aromas of plum, blackberry, raspberry, perfumed violet notes, a good dose of spice and a little coffee. When I popped and poured this one my first thought upon smelling and tasting it was ""Whoa, this is seriously good!"" Rich juicy fruit combines with a silky delicious texture when tasting. This wine saw 6 months in 90% French oak but it still features a ton of fruit. It ends with a really great dry finish featuring wonderful spicy tannins. A fabulous Malbec, especially for only 10 bucks!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120809"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Zolo Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
231,"   Chardonnay just the way I like it.   Primarily Chardonnay with other white aromatics and a small amout of Malvasia Bianca from California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $9. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our delicious HandCraft Chardonnay is easy to enjoy with its bright citrus, peach and lush cream flavors. Ive added a personal touch with a bit of Malvasia Bianca, an Italian grape variety, which adds lovely white floral aromas. In this way, the wines are like me, with a California home and a touch of Italian heritage. Savor a glass on its own, or pair with salads, chicken or seafood.  -- Cheryl Indelicato, Proprietor  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Handcraft Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of lemon, green apple, pear, peach and a little honeysuckle along with a hint of nutty note. Tasting reveals a fresh, fruity and refreshing wine full of citrus and pear plus secondary notes of toasty oak and vanilla cream. This medium-bodied wine is smooth with good acidity. It ends with the return of those honeysuckle notes from nose plus long lasting zesty citrus. Quite a nice wine!  Also check out our review of the Highly Recommended HandCraft Petite Sirah 2010 - A Big Wine At A Small Price.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140422"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Handcraft Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/handcraft-chardonnay.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
232,"   A delightfully fresh and fizzy pick for Valentines Day!  A blend of Gordo Muscat and Black Muscat from Yarra Valley, Victoria, Australia.  SRP of $14 and available widely at around $10 for the 750ml bottle. Also available in 375ml bottles. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Tastes like kisses and if it were any fresher youd slap it!   Nose: Sticky real Turkish Delight. Fruit tingle, sherbet, fairy floss, fresh fuzzy peach. Palate: Raspberry jelly, peach sherbet, rosewater. Clean and crisp. Food: Fresh pancakes with poached fruit, cheese plate with muscadels, on its own as an apertif.  5.5% Alcohol""Its not often you can recommend a wine for breakfast, but that is exactly what we have here today. After all, why should mimosas have all the fun? At only 5.5% alcohol todays selection will play the part perfectly, and with its natural effervescence and good acidity its a great match for all kinds of breakfast and brunch foods! On top of all that the crown seal closure on the bottle (aka a bottle cap) makes for a distinctive look at your brunch table.  The 2011 Innocent Bystander Pink Moscato begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, peach, watermelon, roses and ginger ale. The wine tastes delightfully fun with fresh and fizzy flavors of red berries, peach, strawberry and zesty citrus. Moderately sweet, but nowhere near cloying, and with just the right amount of bubbles this wine is sure to please. It ends with more sweet fruit notes that linger a long time. Did I mention this wine is refreshingly fun? Serve it up at your next brunch and let the compliments flow!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130214"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Innocent Bystander Pink Moscato"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/innocent-bystander-pink-moscato.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
233,"   A budget (and taste bud) friendly Barbera dAsti.   100% Barbera from Barbera dAsti, Piedmont, Italy.  SRP of $20 and purchased for $10. Imported by Quintessential Wines.   From the bottle: ""Selected Barbera grapes were chosen to create this superior and elegant wine. Ageing for six months in steel tanks adds class and freshness. Serve with pasta, meat and seasoned cheeses at 16-19C.  13% Alcohol""The 2011 Luca Bosio Barbera dAsti is made from 25 year old vines in the vineyards of the Castagnole Lanze and Costigliole dAsti villages. It begins with pleasant aromas of red berry fruit and a surprising and very nice nutty note. Tasting reveals a silky smooth wine with lots of sweet blackberry fruit. The nutty note from the nose also continues when tasting along with a little bit of spice. It ends with spicy plum notes that last for a long time. This is a nice, basic, tasty Barbera with good acidity that will make a great pizza wine. Highly recommended!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140801"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Luca Bosio Barbera dAsti"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/08/luca-bosio-barbera-dasti.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
234,"   Fruity, jammy, smooth and tasty.   A blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Zinfandel from Lodi, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. 25,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review. Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""Not All Vines Are Created Equal.  Noble Vines 1 is a premier red wine blend that celebrates the most admired vine stock grown in our California vineyards. The suppleness of our 181 is artfully blended with the richness of our 337 to form this one {1} benchmark wine.  This elegant red blend offers inviting aromas of blackberry and toasty oak followed by luxurious notes of lush black cherry and pepper with a long and lingering finish. Enjoy with grilled meats, lamb chops and rich cheeses.  13.5% Alcohol""Noble Vines tagline (Not All Vines Are Created Equal) comes from their use of famous clones of grape varietals that they feel will work best in their vineyards. Clones are genetically identical vines that have nonetheless adapted to specific growing conditions to produce beneficial qualities.   We previously reviewed the Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon which uses a Cabernet clone from Bordeaux. Todays wine also uses this same Cabernet clone as well as a Merlot clone from Pomerol and a Zinfandel clone from Lodi. And while I dont believe these clones were selected based on their ability to produce wine capable of pairing well with everyday foods we found the 337 Cabernet to be a brilliant burger wine while todays wine would make a great match with a pizza. Talk about covering the essentials!  The 2011 Noble Vines 1 Red Blend begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring a whole lot of fruit (black cherry and blackberry) along with a bit of cola, licorice and vanilla. The wine tastes fruity, jammy, smooth and tasty. Theres not a ton of complexity in this medium-bodied wine but it is still very satisfying. Silky smooth tannins, a nice spicy streak, hints of oak and vanilla and good acidity add up to an excellent red blend that Id say is a definite step up from something like an Apothic Red. It ends slightly dry with more jammy fruit and spice that lasts a long time in the mouth. Highly Recommended!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140228"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Noble Vines 1 Red Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/noble-vines-1-red-blend.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
235,"   This Trader Joes exclusive wine is complex, easy to drink AND cheap!   A blend of Corvina, Rondinella and Molinara from Veneto, Italy.  Available for $8.99 in most Trader Joes markets.   From the bottle: ""This wine is obtained from the Ripasso technique, a secondary fermentation of the wine on the dried skins of the grapes already used to make appassimento wines. Aged in wooden barrels for 8 months before being bottled. A full-bodied wine, with an intense bouquet of wild cherries and redcurrant, well recommended for roast meat and mature cheese. Serve at 18C.  13.5% Alcohol""As mentioned on the label, this wine is made in the Ripasso style, a process that has become quite popular in Valpolicella wines. Typically grapes are dried for many weeks allowing the sugars to concentrate and become more powerful. These dried grapes are used to make Amarone wines but then the leftover grape pomace is effectively recycled by re-fermenting it with standard Valpolicella wine. The goal is to add depth and complexity to a wine that is normally quite light-bodied (think Beaujolais Nouveau). To get the Superiore designation like todays wine, the wine must also be aged at least one year.  The 2011 Pasqua Ripasso Valpolicella Superiore begins with pleasant aromas of maraschino cherry, sour cherry, strawberry and some dried herbs. The medium-bodied wine tastes of red currant, raisins, cherry and spicy oak with undertones of dried herbs. It also has a bit of a rustic quality to it, which I enjoy. Overall this wine is that rare combination of being easy to drink AND complex -- the best of both worlds. Add in the cheap price and youve hit the trifecta! It ends sweet and savory with good length. This wine would be a nice match with lots of different rustic Italian dishes.  For more great Trader Joes picks be sure to check out Trader Joes Week 2013.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130904"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Pasqua Ripasso Valpolicella Superiore"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/pasqua-ripasso-valpolicella-superiore.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
236,"   Alsace delivers a delicious, complex AND easy drinking wine.   Pinot Blanc from Alsace, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $9 but more typically around $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""A wine for cheese: goats milk cheese, dry goats milk cheese with olives. Polenta with butter and cheese or seafood risotto. Ricotta cannelloni, savory crepes, gnocchi with cheese, cream or seafood sauce, macaroni and cheese, pasta with cheese, cream, alfredo or seafood sauce, pizza with Canadian bacon and pineapple or white with no tomato sauce.  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine offers additional proof of the magic of Alsace and furthermore that its not just Riesling and Pinot Gris where Alsace excels, but also the often overlooked variety of Pinot Blanc. Most commonly used to make the excellent Cremant dAlsace sparkling wines, Pinot Blanc also makes delicious still wines. The Paul Blanck is one such example.  The 2011 Paul Blanck Pinot Blanc dAlsace begins with a very nice aroma of apple, lemon and a hint of ginger. Tasting the wine reveals a nice lively mouthfeel and flavors of apple and lemon just like the nose as well as some other citrus notes and a bit of tropical fruit. This is a really delicious wine that is both easy to drink and complex. A nice touch of minerality comes out on the long finish underneath the zesty fruit.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130822"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Paul Blanck Pinot Blanc dAlsace"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/paul-blanck-pinot-blanc-dalsace.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
237,"   A smooth and spicy Pinot Noir for only $10.   100% Pinot Noir from Vin De Pays Du Puy De Dome, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Seeker relentlessly tracks down the worlds finest wines across time zones and continents. Our wines are made with care by talented winemaking families, crafting flavorful, individual wines from selected grapes where they grow best. The first Seeker wines come from France, New Zealand and Argentina. If you share the joy of discovery this wine is for the Seeker in you.  Burgundy-born Master Blender Jean-Pierre Rodet crafted this luscious Pinot Noir with fruit from Auvergne, a region in France making Pinot Noir since the 11th century. With aromas and flavors of sweet cherry and spice leading to a smooth finish, this delicious selection lets Pinot Noirs signature silky texture and food-friendliness shine.  13.5% Alcohol""Lets be honest...great Pinot Noir can be hard to find for $20, much less only $10. So when The Seeker first sent over some wine to be reviewed I was a bit worried. They definitely covered their bases with a great label, a cool story and good branding, but a Pinot Noir for only $10? Could they really pull this off or was this all hype?   Well, Im happy to report that they not only pulled it off, they pulled it off quite well. The 2011 The Seeker Pinot Noir begins with aromas of cherry, red berry, spice and anise with some underlying earthy notes. The aroma is a bit funky, but thats a good thing! Tasting this light to medium-bodied wine reveals good balance and excellent flavors of bing cherry along with a bit of earthiness. My favorite part is the slow building spice that carries all the way through to the long, dry finish. This is a fabulous Pinot Noir for only $10! Seek it out for your next pizza.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130124"",  ""title"" : ""2011 The Seeker Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/the-seeker-pinot-noir-2011.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
238,"   A dynamite daily drinker.   A blend of 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah from Cotes du Rhone, France.  SRP of $43 and available for as low as $35. Imported by Kysela Pere Et Fils. Sample submitted for review.  From the box: Since 1826, from father to son, we have been following a philosophy with simple principles: ""A great wine is made with perfect quality grapes yielding an expression of the earth.""  The ""Reserve Grand Veneur"" red is elaborated according to respect of the Tradition, using the typical Rhone Valley grape varieties: 60% Grenache, 40% Syrah.  Elegant and well balanced, this wine will seduce you with its red fresh fruit aromas (cherry, strawberry, raspberry) and its spicy hint of black pepper and liquorice. Ideally served at 60F, this wine will make a perfect combination if served with Mediterranean cuisine, grilled red meats or cheese.  Enjoy the tasting!  14% Alcohol. Todays box, like the first two reviewed in this series, is a wine that you can also buy in a traditional 750ml bottle. Two things stand out about this: Savings. Bottles of this wine sells for around $15 apiece. Since the 3L box holds the equivalent of 4 bottles, youre effectively paying around $35 for what would otherwise cost closer to $60. Now thats great value.  Quality. We are pretty quickly finding that if a box wine is also sold in a bottle, its generally a sign of good quality. (Its not a fail safe indicator but there does seem to be a trend.)  ​The 2012 Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve presents with a lovely nose that gets even better with air. Aromas of smoked meat and leather when first poured give way to black cherry and wild berry fruit flavors in short order. Nice touches of spice and lavender are present as well. Tasting this smooth and silky blend reveals classic Cotes du Rhone and offers a combination of taste and complexity that I would be more than happy to drink every day. It ends dry and grippy with more dark fruit and even a bit of graphite minerality. Highly recommended!  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141017"",  ""title"" : ""2012 2012 Alain Jaume and Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/alain-jaume-fils-grand-veneur-cotes-du-rhone-reserve-box.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
239,"   Refreshing, savory and food flexible.   81% Syrah, 16% Mourvèdre, 2% Cinsault and 1% Grenache from Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. 20,100 cases made. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""A collaboration founded in 2008 between Food & Wine Magazine 2009 Winemaker of the year, Charles Smith (K Vintners, Charles Smith Wines) and Charles Bieler (Three Thieves, BIELER Pere et Files, Gothan Project). We produce just two wines a vintage, a rosé, and a red blend.  12.9% Alcohol""I love rosé and while I will gladly drink it all year round, theres really no better time than the summer. As a result I was quite glad to see this wine show up. Perhaps even more exciting is where this wine comes from -- Charles Smith and Charles Bieler, two winemakers with strong reputations for making excellent inexpensive wines.  Charles Smith is behind the excellent House Wines (Magnificent Wine Company House Red Wine 2010 - Truth) among many others, while youll most likely recognize Charles Bieler from his Three Thieves line of ""The Show"" wines (The Show Garnacha 2010 - No Circus Clowns Needed). Put these two together and what do you get? A virtual lock for the next update of our Refreshing Rosé Wines Under $20 list.  The 2012 Charles & Charles Rosé begins with a very inviting aroma of strawberry, watermelon, citrus and a little minerality. The wine tastes lively, fruity and salty in the mouth with savory tart strawberry, citrus and melon flavors and perhaps just the slightest bit of effervescence. It also has great acidity which will helps make it a wonderful and flexible food wine. It ends with good length and lingering melon notes. This wine has everything you want in a rosé -- its refreshing, savory and food flexible. Bring on summer!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130531"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Charles & Charles Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/charles-charles-rose.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
240,"   A soft and silky Malbec and a thirst-quenching Torrontes for under $10.   Malbec and Torrontes represent the two signature wines of Argentina among red and white varietals respectively. And while the signature grapes of many other regions often sell for a hefty premium (Pinot Noir from Oregon or Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa Valley for example), not so for Argentina where you can find excellent examples like todays wines at a very low price, even under $10. To that we say, ""Salve Argentina!"" (Long Live Argentina!)  Todays pair of wines come from Valentin Bianchi, a family owned winery in Argentina that has been around since 1928. The winery produces many different labels, all from their vineyards in San Rafael in Mendoza. The grapes for both of todays selections come from the winerys Dona Elsa Estate in the Rama Caida area of San Rafael that sits at about 2,500 feet above sea level.    First up is the 2012 Elsa Bianchi Malbec. It has an SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. It is imported by Quintessential Wines. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This unique Malbec was created by our expert winemakers, who harvest selected grapes from vines that have produced consistent, high-quality yields year after year. Elsa Bianchi varietals have been carefully vinified, with each bottle achieving the special character for which these wines are now known.  Description: The classic Malbec aromas of ripe plum and violets are evident in the nose, with hints of vanilla. The Malbec in Argentina is its ability to combine a rich weighty mouth-feel with a soft silkiness. This wine impresses, with pleasing fruit that mimics the aromas.  14.1% Alcohol""The 2012 Elsa Bianchi Malbec begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum and a little vanilla. Honestly, this one was a little out of sorts when it was first popped and poured, but with a little air it quickly transforms. Abundant juicy blackberry and cola, super soft tannins and a silky smooth mouthfeel are a few of the things youll find. The medium length finish on this easy drinking Malbec features lots more cola notes and juicy fruit.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Next up is the 2012 Elsa Bianchi Torrontes. It has an SRP of $12 and available for as low as $9. It is imported by Quintessential Wines. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This unique Torrontes was created by our expert winemakers, who harvest selected grapes from vines that have produced consistent, high-quality yields year after year. Elsa Bianchi varietals have been carefully vinified, with each bottle achieving the special character for which these wines are now known.  Description: The Torrontes aromas exhibit a pleasing degree and nice complexity. Well-integrated scents of grapefruit, spice, orange blossom and apple are evident. On the palate, a refreshing mouth-feel with flavors similar to the aromas and a clean, bright finish.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Elsa Bianchi Torrontes begins with aromas of grapefruit, honey, nectarine and a few floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals a nice lively texture plus zesty citrus, a bit of tropical fruit and some nice mineral notes underneath. It ends very crisp and clean with lingering grapefruit notes that last for a long time. A very nice, very tasty and very refreshing wine!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
241,"   Plus a good dose of that signature Shiraz spice.   Shiraz from South-Eastern, Australia.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $9. Imported by Accolade Wines. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""In 1884 Thomas Hardy Nottage began a 60 year career looking after the vineyards. This passion and dedication is a treasured part of our history and to this day vines flourish on the hill that bears his name.  This full bodied dry red wine shows spicy varietal fruit flavors typical of this classic Australian style. A rich, smooth wine with the complexity of subtle oak characters, soft tannins and a persistent finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob we love a good Shiraz and so today we have our second pick just this week! Our first was the Red Knot Shiraz 2012 By Shingleback - Bring On The Barbecue which is available at Costco for just $12. Today we highlight a similarly good wine that can be had for even a few dollars less. Well drink to that!   The 2012 Hardys Nottage Hill Shiraz begins with lots of ripe dark fruit on the pleasant nose along with a little licorice, anise and vanilla. The wine tastes rich and juicy and is full of ripe and very tart black fruit. It also presents a great showcase for the signature Shiraz spice commonly found in Australian wines of this type. This wine; however, is no one trick pony thanks to secondary notes of licorice, olives and vanilla. It ends with good length, a bit of oak and more tart fruit and spice that hangs around in your mouth for a while. Highly Recommended!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140221"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Hardys Nottage Hill Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/hardys-nottage-hill-shiraz.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
242," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     NakedWines.com, that is.   Cabernet Franc from Lodi, California.  SRP of $15 and available to NakedWines.com Angels for as low as $9. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Thank you, Angels. I couldnt have made this wine without you.  13.8% Alcohol""Today we have another wine from NakedWines.com. This is the third that weve reviewed recently as we have being making an effort to try a number of their wines based on requests from readers.  The first wine we featured was the Highly Recommended Jim Olsen Fair Angel 2012, an intriguing blend of Zinfandel and Carignane from Lodi plus Syrah from the Sierra Foothills. Also check that post for more info on the NakedWines.com business model and an explanation of what an ""Angel"" is.  After that we featured the"
243," Includes an explanation of the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing.   Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     An intriguing blend from NakedWines.com.   50% Zinfandel from Lodi, 30% Syrah from the Sierra Foothills and 20% Carignane from Lodi, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""A big thanks to the Nakedwines.com Angels who funded this wine. For decades, Ive been traveling up and down California, walking vineyards, kicking barrels in cold cellars, talking technique with other winemakers, but this is my first chance to make the wines I want to make, wines that I believe in. And I couldnt do that without Angel funding.  -- Jim Olsen  13.8% Alcohol""Its been awhile since weve tried any wine from NakedWines.com so we recently decided it was time to check them out again. The NakedWines.com business model is quite a unique one. As you may know, much of the cost of a bottle of wine is added on after leaving the winery. The actual cost of the wine itself is usually 10% or less of the retail price, with the outdated three tier system driving up the price dramatically (and driving money into the pockets of distributors).   NakedWines.com circumvents this system by funding wineries and winemakers directly through investments from their ""Angels"" -- customers who put $40 into their accounts each month to be used by these winemakers to create wines exclusively for NakedWines.com. The best part is that Angels also get to spend all of the money they invest, and do so with deep discounts thanks to the elimination of middlemen and expensive marketing.   When we last tried their wines a few years ago, I have to say they were a bit hit and miss. After recently trying a number of their more recent wines, it seems like theyve really hit their stride. Well be featuring a number of our favorites here over the next few weeks.   First up is the 2012 Jim Olsen Fair Angel, a fairly unique blend of Zinfandel, Syrah and Carignan. It opens with aromas of black cherry, a little black pepper, a hint of mint and some pleasant earthy notes. Tasting reveals a medium-bodied wine with more black cherry, a good dose of cola, and hints of anise. The wine is a bit rough around the edges (it reminds me of a good Chianti in that way) but is nevertheless quite tasty and will pair nicely with a wide range of foods. It ends dry and surprisingly long with peppery, oaky spice and more sour black cherry flavors. Highly Recommended!  If youd like to try NakedWines.com for yourself, we have a special affiliate link for you that will get you $100 off a purchase of $160. Also see this post to find out how to combine the $100 voucher with Angel pricing for even bigger savings! Check it out below:   Check out all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140402"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Jim Olsen Fair Angel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/jim-olsen-fair-angel.html"" };     This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
244,"   Two extremely tasty, easy drinking and affordable French wines.   A 100% Chardonnay and a 100% Pinot Noir from Burgundy, France.   Today we have two wines from the Laforet (La-fo-ray) line from Maison Joseph Drouhin, a large estate located in Burgundy that dates back to the late 1800s. The estate not only grows their own grapes, but also act as one of the larger negociants in Burgundy purchasing wine from throughout region. (They even have a vineyard in the Willamette Valley in Oregon.)  The Laforet line of wines that we are reviewing today sources grapes from all the hotspots in Burgundy -- Chablis, Cote dOr, Maconnais, and Cote Chalonnaise. And while a wine region like Burgundy can be quite confusing, our friends over at Wine Folly do a great job of breaking it down and pointing out the value spots in their Simple Guide to Burgundy Wine (with Maps).   And one more thing before we get to the reviews, Maison Joseph Drouhin has declared this the ""Summer of Laforet"" and they are hosting many special tastings and giveaways throughout the summer months, so you may want to check that out!  First up is the 2012 Joseph Drouhin Laforet Bourgogne Chardonnay. This wine is 100% Chardonnay, has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Dreyfus Ashby.  From the bottle: ""About the Chardonnay, born in Burgundy, we created this wine like a perfume: with the freshness of the Chablisien, the fruitiness of the Maconnais and all the elegance of the Cote dOr. Within are gentle citrus aromas, then vanilla and honey notes. I love the freshness and spontaneity of the mouth! It is chic and balanced, but doesnt take itself too seriously.  13.0% Alcohol"" The 2012 Joseph Drouhin Laforet Bourgogne Chardonnay begins with a pleasant aroma of varied citrus notes along with a touch of tropical fruit. The wine tastes of honey and lemon and has a delightful lively texture with some spicy minerality that shines through on the finish. Its just a tad bit creamy with a touch of vanilla. This is my kind of chardonnay, theres no butter in sight and its really enjoyable to drink. The finish is of medium-length and crisp.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Next up is the 2011 Joseph Drouhin Laforet Bourgogne Pinot Noir, which is 100% Pinot Noir, has an SRP around $20 and is available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Dreyfus Ashby.  From the bottle: ""About the Pinot Noir, born in Burgundy, we created this wine like a perfume: with elegance and fruitiness in the Chalonnais, depth from the Cote dOr. Within are red fruit aromas: raspberries, redcurrants and blackcurrants. I love the subtle spiciness of the mouth, its soft tannins and silky texture! Its attractive and well-bred, but doesnt take itself too seriously.  12.5% Alcohol"" The 2011 Joseph Drouhin Laforet Bourgogne Pinot Noir begins with aromas of mostly red fruit including a little cranberry and just a touch of green. Tasting the wine reveals that it is very easy to drink featuring more fresh red fruit, soft tannins, good balance and good acidity. It is also very smooth with a nice spice component that comes out at the end and leads into the lingering finish. This is one tasty Pinot Noir and a steal for under $15!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
245,"   A whos who list of the best dry rosé under $12: the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé, the 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé, the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé, the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé, the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé and the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec.   If youve read The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time you know that one of our favorite things when temperatures get hot is popping open a wonderfully refreshing dry rosé. I also know that there are still many of you hesitant to give these wines a try, scarred from your experiences with White Zinfandel. If you suffer from PTWZD (Post Traumatic White Zinfandel Disorder) were here today with six of our favorite dry rosés under $12, each sealed with The Reverse Wine Snob guarantee of refreshment.  [THIS DEAL IS NOW EXPIRED! Subscribe to our daily email to make sure you dont miss the next one!] Better yet, our friends at Marketview Liquor are so committed to helping you recover from PTWZD that theyre not only offering some of the best prices on the internet on these wines, but also FREE SHIPPING on all orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight) for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob! So read on, enjoy and recover...   Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  First up is the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé from South Australia (Barossa, Wrattonbully and Adelaide Hills). It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Yalumba Y Series of Quality Wines Salutes Our Proud History of Viticulture and Winemaking in South Australia.  Significantly, the individual icons on each label reflect the labours, inventive thinking and aspirations of all at Yalumba.   This Sangiovese Rosé depicts the butterfly. The butterfly represents the lifecycle approach to our sustainable winemaking practices, leaving nothing to chance when protecting the essential elements of the environment. A summer drink of berries and cherries with a hint of cinnamon.  Vegan and vegetarian friendly.  12% Alcohol""The 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry, watermelon, a little apple and some floral notes. Drinking reveals a tasty and fresh wine full of citrus and apple plus more strawberry, raspberry and watermelon. The fruit flavors are a bit zesty with nice light touches of spice and a good mouthfeel. It ends with a very satisfying, dry, medium length finish. This one clocks in at just 2.8 grams/liter of residual sugar.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Second is the 2012 Las Rocas de San Alejandro Garnacha Rosé which is 100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain. It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $10 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Continental climate (dry summers and cold winters). Chalky-calcareous and rocky soil. Mountainous area with altitudes from 600 to 1000m. Vineyards between 40 to 60 years old bush trained with natural drainage and an average yield of 3500 kg/ha.  An attractive strawberry pink colour with violet hues. Clean, fresh, dry and fruity. Very intense aromas, especially raspberry and strawberry. With a full body, it is tightly knit, elegant, persistent and has an aftertaste that reminds us once again of the red fruits. ""The 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé begins with very pleasant aromas of raspberry, strawberry, watermelon, a little spice and some floral notes. The wine tastes wonderful with delicious fruit and luscious streaks of spice and minerals. And while theres plenty of fruit its definitely very dry clocking in at just 1.9 grams/liter of residual sugar. This medium to full bodied rosé also features a wonderful thick mouthfeel, excellent complexity and very good structure. It ends dry with long lasting luscious fruit notes. Like so many rosés, this makes a great food wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Third is the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé which is a blend of Grenache, Cinsault, Syrah, Mourvèdre and Cabernet Sauvignon from Provence, France. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Owned by the Quiot family from Chateauneuf-du-Pape, the 200 acre estate lies at the foot of Mont Sainte Victoire near Aix-en-Provence. Its winemaking facilities have been completely renewed over the past 3 years.  This is a blend of Grenache, Syrah, Cinsault, Cabernet Sauvignon, Mourvedre.  Special efforts are made to preserve freshness and fruit by the use of CO2 gas to exclude oxygen during the harvest. This is a fresh rosé with a pretty salmon pink color, elegant flavors of red berries, mineral notes and a clean finish. Serve this wine lightly chilled. Very nice on its own, it goes well with most dishes, especially sushi, salads, pizza and mild cheeses.  13% Alcohol""Rosé is one of the things Provence does best and the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé does not disappoint. It begins with a wonderfully enticing aroma of raspberry, citrus and a little tomato plant along with stony minerality and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals a really delicious wine featuring ripe red fruit (strawberry, red cherry), pear, apple, watermelon and a touch of tropical fruit along with light spice notes, more mineral touches and good acidity. It ends with lingering peach and pear notes on the crisp, long, dry finish. This is fantastic stuff!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  Fourth is the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé which is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Western Cape, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $8 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""DMZ wines are produced by DeMorgenzon winery which is situated in the upper reaches of the Stellenboschkloof in Stellenbosch, South Africa. Terraced hillside vineyards and exquisite gardens are complemented by beautiful vistas of rugged mountains and sweeping views of both the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. With over 350 years of winemaking heritage, South Africa continues to produce excellent wines that combine elegance and charm with opulence and accessibility.  All DMZ wines are made from select parcels of grapes from special vineyards and carefully vinified to express the purity and integrity of the particular cultivar.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé is the first of two wines we are featuring from South Africa. It begins with fresh and pleasant aromas of red cherry, strawberry, watermelon, a little peach and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit (citrus, more watermelon, strawberry and other red berry fruit) with good depth of flavor. This one is a tad sweeter than some of the others at 3.9 grams/liter of residual sugar but it still tastes dry thanks to the high acidity. A touch of spice and minerality leads into the long, dry finish where juicy fruit lingers.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé which is 100% Pinotage from Stellenbosch, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""KANONCOP: Means ""Cannon Hill"" and is derived from the days when cannons were fired to signal the arrival of Dutch trade ships into Cape Town Harbour.  STYLE: Full bodied DRY wine with an aromatic raspberry and cherry flavours.  VINTAGE: A wet cold winter with a moderate ripening period. Harvesting date: 4 February 2013.  ORIGIN: Grapes were sourced from the quality wine region of Stellenbosch, east of Cape Town.  FOOD SUGGESTION: Drink by itself or serve with light funky styled food dishes. Best with anything from the sea.  14% Alcohol""The 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé comes from the polarizing Pinotage grape, but its hard to believe anyone could dislike it in rosé form as it is here. The wine begins with very pleasant aromas of watermelon, strawberry, red cherry and few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit in this medium to full-bodied wine. Youll find lime, cranberry, red cherry, strawberry and orange along with some very nice zesty spice streaks. This extremely tasty wine comes in at 3.0 grams/liter of residual sugar. It ends very long with lingering touches of minerality.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Last is the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec which is 100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Crios means offspring in Argentine slang. For 10 years, this wine was crafted by my mother Susana Balbo in honor of my sister Ana and me. As of 2011 I have taken over the challenge of crafting wines with as much care and attention as my mother. Ive worked hard to preserve the style - they display fresh fruit flavors, with balance that can only be learned from her. These wines are meant to be enjoyed while young and vibrant.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec begins with enticing aromas of berry and a little bit of spice. Tasting this easy to drink wine reveals plenty of strawberry and red cherry fruit, more spice and very good acidity. It ends with good length, more lingering strawberry and hints of minerality. Quite a tasty wine that we have enjoyed in previous vintages as well.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.    This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.  Dont Miss Our Next Deal! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
246,"   Dont be fooled by the low Costco price, this is top quality Cotes du Rhone.   90% Syrah and 10% Grenache from Cotes du Rhone, Rhone, France.  SRP of $16 and available for $10 at Costco. Imported by European Cellars.  From the importer: ""AN ERIC SOLOMON SELECTIONS CUSTOM CUVEE  Les Vignerons D’ Estézargues is a co-operative cellar in the small town of Estézargues which is located near Avignon. Les Vignerons D’Estézargues is truly unique in the wine world. All over France the co-op still plays a very important role in the production and sale of wine. Co-ops receive grapes from members and then make wine from them, this wine is made in large batches and grapes from many different vineyards are vinified together; the focus is on producing wine in quantity.   Les Vignerons D’ Estézargues takes a fundamentally different approach; starting in 1995 the ten different growers in this co-op began to vinify their wine separately and make single cuvées from their best plots. On the heels of the single cuvée evolution Les Vignerons D’ Estézargues began to practice natural winemaking. Possibly one of the only co-ops in the world to do so, Les Vignerons D’ Estézargues uses no external yeasts, no filtering, no fining and no enzymes are employed on the grapes during the winemaking process.  In 1994 Eric Solomon visited the Vignerons d’Estézargues and met a young, passionate director/winemaker named Jean-François Nicq. By the end of the day, he & Jean-François had decided on a custom bottling of old vine syrah from one of their best parcels, Andezon. This opaque-black, blockbuster Syrah could have been a top Northern Rhone wine, á la Cornas. What a find! Previously sold in bulk (vinous suicide) to a very famous producer in the Rhone Valley, Eric jumped at the opportunity and over a decade later it remains one of the core items in the Eric Solomon portfolio.  14.5% Alcohol""While most of the wine I purchase for this site is based on the information on the front of the label (like the producer, vintage and region) the decision to buy todays wine was made solely based on one line of the back of the label - the importer. That importer is Eric Solomons European Cellars.  If youre not familiar with Eric Solomon you might recognize one of his other wines which has been a staple on several editions of our Top 10 Reds list, the Evodia Garnacha. And just like the Evodia one of the key factors in the Andezon is that despite the $10 price tag, the grapes come from relatively old vines: 30 years old for the Syrah and 60 years old for the Grenache.  The 2012 Les Vignerons dEstezargues Andezon Cotes du Rhone Red begins with very pleasant aromas of dark fruit, black licorice, a little smoked meat (bacon!) and a bit of cedar and graphite. The wine tastes dark and juicy and I love it. Youll find plenty of black cherry, plum, more black licorice, oaky spice and a graphite like mineral streak in this medium-bodied Syrah. On the dry, long finish the oaky spice and minerals continue with just a hint of tobacco. This is one succulent Syrah!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140319"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Andezon Cotes du Rhone Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/andezon-cotes-du-rhone-red.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
247,"   Twice as good?   50% Malbec and 50% Cabernet Sauvignon from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Imported by TGIC.  From the bottle: ""Meet the Twins: A masterstroke of varietal blending from Chiles winemaking legend, Aurelio Montes. On their own, Malbec and Cabernet Sauvignon shine, but when paired up, these two classic varieties complement each other perfectly. Its a sensational double-bill: smooth, velvety texture from the Malbec with wonderful richness, structure and fruit from the Cabernet. Part Malbec, part Cabernet -- adding up to a wine thats greater than the sum of its parts.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Montes Twins Red Wine begins with a pleasant aroma of blackberry, spice, vanilla and licorice. Tasting the wine reveals a velvety smooth texture, lots of rich, spice infused tart dark fruit and more licorice. Nice firm tannins lead into the dry, long finish. This is quite a tasty blend!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131105"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Montes Twins Red Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/montes-twins-red-wine.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
248,"   Versatile, cheap and delicious - whats not to love?   100% Riesling from Finger Lakes, New York.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. 6,000 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""The Finger Lakes is North Americas premier cool-climate winegrowing region. Riesling grapes thrive in the Finger Lakes, producing wines in styles that range from bold, dry and mineral to rich and sumptuous. ""Circle"" Riesling shows forward fruit flavors of tangerine and apricot with overtones of citrus and honeysuckle. Crisp and slightly sweet, it shows classic Finger Lakes Riesling style and sense of place. It is an exquisite addition to light fare of fruits and cheeses, and is a a pleasure to enjoy on its own.  Red Newt Cellars Winery & Bistro is committed to producing exceptional vinifera wines and creating innovative regional cuisine that express the personality and sense of place of Finger Lakes vineyards and communities.  11.0% Alcohol""Were big fans of Finger Lakes wines at The Reverse Wine Snob and first and foremost among those is Riesling. With 220,000 cases of Riesling produced in the area each year from over 115 different wineries there is a wide breadth of styles made here. Just checkout our Riesling Roundups from last year and the year before to get a small sampling. For those that are new to this region, today we are highlighting the perfect, well-rounded introduction to Finger Lakes Riesling.     The 2012 Red Newt Cellars Circle Riesling begins with a very pleasant aroma of apple, pear, honeysuckle, peach and lime. The wine tastes medium-sweet and exhibits similar flavors to the nose with a touch of added tropical fruit. It also has a wonderful racy texture and good acidity. It ends crisp with good length and lots of lingering honeyed pear and apple notes. Not only is this wine very easy to drink, but its extremely flexible and will pair nicely with a wide range of foods including spicy dishes. Versatile, cheap and delicious -- whats not to love?  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131204"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Red Newt Circle Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/red-newt-circle-riesling.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
249,"   Our annual Trader Joes series returns with a heck of a nice wine from Dry Creek Valley!   52% Syrah, 38% Grenache and 10% Mourvèdre from Dry Creek Valley, Sonoma, California.  Purchased for $9.99.  From the bottle: ""Bright strawberry, cherry, and raspberry notes with hints of spice and vanilla oak leading to an exceptionally well-balanced finish.  14.5% Alcohol""Today we begin the long anticipated 2014 version of our Trader Joes top picks series! Last year we featured ten of our favorite wines from Trader Joes and this year were back with even more all new selections. So many more, in fact, that well be expanding to our series to two weeks this year.  To start off this years festivities weve selected a favorite type of blend, a GSM (Grenache, Syrah, Mourvedre), from one of our favorite regions, the Dry Creek Valley.  Enjoy what youre reading? PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank! The 2012 Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 Dry Creek Valley begins with a very pleasant aroma of strawberry, black cherry, spice, a little vanilla and smoked meat and even a few earthy notes. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals lots of tasty, juicy black cherry, blackberry and plum. It ends dry with medium-long length and lingering fruit and spice notes. A wine that is mighty fun to drink and has fairly good complexity to boot, just the way we like it.   Available exclusively at Trader Joes.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140512"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/trader-joes-gsm-reserve-lot-96.html"" };     Other wines in the Trader Joes Top Picks 2014 Series: Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #1 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #2 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #3 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #4  Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #5  Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #6  Grifone Sangiovese - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #7  La Granja Tempranillo - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #8  Honey Moon Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #9  Epicuro Aglianico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #10  Sauvignon Republic Sauvignon Blanc - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #11  Rosa dellOlmo Barbera dAsti - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #12  Trader Joes Grand Reserve Napa Valley Meritage - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #13  See the picks from our 2013 series here!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
250,"   A $10 Trader Joes find.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Petito Split Rock Vineyard Pinot Noir 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Syrah from Paso Robles, California.  Available exclusively at Trader Joes for $9.99.   From the bottle: ""Bold and complex with black cherry, blueberry, violet, and toasty oak notes leading to polished tannins and a long smooth finish.  14.1% Alcohol""We love finding wine gems at Trader Joes like the $5.99 Tuella Douro we featured just a couple weeks ago. Today weve got another one, but before we get to that I have to ask...whats with the extremely heavy bottle on this wine? (Seriously, this thing weighs a ton!)   It always makes me wary when wineries use very heavy bottles, like theyre trying to pull one over on us. There must be a marketing study somewhere that says consumers equate heavy bottles with higher quality but in my mind I cant help but think about how much of the money I just paid is going to shipping these monstrosities!  Now that Ive got that off my chest, lets get to the wine, shall we? The 2012 Trader Joes Reserve Lot #100 Paso Robles Syrah begins with a lovely aroma of plum, blackberry, black cherry, violets and a whiff of bacon and other smoked meat. That hint of smoked meat continues when tasting this medium-bodied wine. Youll also find lots of sweet blackberry, plum, licorice and even some nice mineral notes. The wine isnt as big as I was expecting but with its smooth texture it is very easy to drink. Plenty of oak and a few chocolate notes lead into the tart, dry, lingering finish. This is a really delicious wine with lots of mass appeal. Highly recommended!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141011"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Trader Joes Reserve Paso Robles Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/trader-joes-reserve-paso-robles-syrah.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
251,"   Now this is a box!   60% Grenache, 30% Carignan and 10% Syrah from Cotes du Rhone, France and made from organically grown grapes.  SRP of $50 and available for as low as $39. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Quality - The Wineberry Box conserves your wine from the worst enemies: air and light. Using the latest and finest bag-in-box components, this Wineberry Box prevents oxidation and keeps your wine fresh ""forever"".  Value - Beware: this Wineberry Box is 100% attitude free! We have revolutionized its appearance, making it a better value, replacing four glass bottles with one box. With more cost-effective packaging, we are able to pass the savings on to you.  Ecology - For too long we have not made ecology a priority. Today, it is a concern above all others. Due to its structure, weight and shape, this Wineberry Box considerably reduces the carbon footprint of your glass of wine.  Wineberry - Fine wines dont have to be overpriced nor industrial. We believe in traditional wine growers, dedicated to their appellation and origin. Our wines, bottled or boxed, are the true expression of their terroir.  13% Alcohol""Todays box is notable for a couple reasons (besides the great taste). First, theres the hard to miss box made of real wood. If your concern with box wine is that it looks tacky sitting on the counter or that visitors might judge based on their faulty perception of these wines, then this is definitely your box. You can even use the box itself for kindling when youre done with it.  The second notable aspect is that at an SRP of $50, this is the most expensive box in our tasting. Keep in mind; however, that even at a $50 SRP, this equates to $12.50 a bottle which is hardly pushing our limit. In fact, this is one of my more surprising and disappointing findings in this series -- the complete lack of widely available wine costing more than $4-$8 a bottle that is available in a 3L box format.   The vast, vast majority of box wine sells for around $20. As weve noted before, its downright hard to make a good wine that sells at that low cost. As the retail price rises to around $10-$12 a bottle, the amount of really good and even excellent wine explodes. As such, I would have thought that this would be a sweet spot for wine in a box. Give me a tasty wine that sells for $12 a bottle in a box for $40 (saving me $8 off the buying the equivalent in bottles) and I would take that all day. Perhaps its just a remnant of the lingering stigma of box wine, but this seems like a real growth opportunity if producers are willing to offer it.  The 2012 Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone begins with an intoxicating aroma of black cherry, floral notes, anise and other spices, and a just a hint of leather and smoke. The wine, made from organic grapes from 15 to 45 year old vines, tastes really wonderful with great structure and balance. It shows similar flavors to the nose with a bit more red fruit when tasting. With enough complexity to keep things interesting, it is quite simply a pleasure to drink. It ends dry and grippy with good length and even has a bit of an earthy note under the juicy fruit. This is a really solid and satisfying Cotes du Rhone!  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141104"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/the-best-box-wines-wineberry-domaine-de-garrigon-cotes-du-rhone.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
252,"   Our latest Pinot Noir for the 99.   Pinot Noir from Monterey, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $11. (Source price of $20.) 7,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Story: This beauty comes from terraced vineyards scattered about Montereys hills and valleys where the cool Pacific air settles in the evening. Like a well-pampered child, this Pinot Noir likes to play all day in the summer sunshine and then sleep with the air conditioning on. This is one amazing Pinot for the price.  Taste: Aromatic strawberry, raspberry and cranberry aromas coupled with a little earth and cedar. The wines flavor is satisfyingly simple with a taut texture and a juicy finish. This is a simple pleasure Pinot that you can feel good about popping open anytime youre in the mood.  13.9% Alcohol""Today weve got the first of several wines we will be reviewing from 90 Plus Cellars whose business model is based on going to wineries with a history of producing quality wines (usually those rated 90 points or higher) and buying their oversupply. They then put their own 90+ Cellars label on it and sell it for a fraction of the price, all the while never disclosing the original producer. Its a model that made a lot of sense during the economic downturn but we had doubts whether it could continue once things turned around. Were happy to report it is still going strong and the wines are as good as ever.   You may also remember that we included the 90 Plus Cellars Wine Club in our Ultimate Gift Guide for Wine Lovers a few weeks back. Todays Pinot Noir was one of the excellent wines included in the sample shipment we received. In fact, I enjoyed that shipment so much that if I could only sign up for one wine club, this might be it.     Reverse Wine Snob readers who sign up through this link get a free bottle of Lot 90 Rosso Toscana, normally sold for $30!   The 2013 Ninety Plus Cellars Lot 111 Monterey Pinot Noir begins with pleasant, classic Pinot Noir aromas of strawberry, cola, raspberry and a touch of rhubarb. The light to medium-bodied wine features similar, but juicy, flavors in the mouth plus really nicely integrated spice. Darn tasty, this is just a great example of an affordable Pinot Noir. A nice bit of oaky spice comes to the front on the dry finish along with more juicy black cherry and strawberry fruit.  Find all of our 90 Plus Cellars picks here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141229"",  ""title"" : ""2013 90 Plus Cellars Lot 111 Monterey Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/2013-90-plus-cellars-lot-111-pinot-noir.html"" };     This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our emails to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
253," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     Another highly recommended pick from Naked Wines.   Shiraz from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $27 and available to NakedWines.com Angels for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Arabella takes its name from the beautiful Arabian horses which grace its verdant pastures and are a great love of the De Wet family. Winemaking and viticulture are a family passion that dates back to 1697 when the first De Wet settler was appointed cellarmaster of the Dutch East India company.  TASTING NOTES: Deep burgundy red in color with inviting aromas of vanilla and mocha. The palate rewards with lingering flavors of liquorice and ripe black cherries, supported by soft spicy tannins.  14.5% Alcohol""Today were checking out our fourth wine from NakedWines.com and so far weve been impressed.   The first wine we featured was the Highly Recommended Jim Olsen Fair Angel 2012, an intriguing and delicious blend of Zinfandel and Carignane from Lodi plus Syrah from the Sierra Foothills. That post also has more info on the NakedWines.com business model and an explanation of Naked Wines ""Angels"".  After that we featured the"
254,"   A whos who list of the best dry rosé under $12: the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé, the 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé, the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé, the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé, the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé and the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec.   If youve read The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time you know that one of our favorite things when temperatures get hot is popping open a wonderfully refreshing dry rosé. I also know that there are still many of you hesitant to give these wines a try, scarred from your experiences with White Zinfandel. If you suffer from PTWZD (Post Traumatic White Zinfandel Disorder) were here today with six of our favorite dry rosés under $12, each sealed with The Reverse Wine Snob guarantee of refreshment.  [THIS DEAL IS NOW EXPIRED! Subscribe to our daily email to make sure you dont miss the next one!] Better yet, our friends at Marketview Liquor are so committed to helping you recover from PTWZD that theyre not only offering some of the best prices on the internet on these wines, but also FREE SHIPPING on all orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight) for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob! So read on, enjoy and recover...   Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  First up is the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé from South Australia (Barossa, Wrattonbully and Adelaide Hills). It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Yalumba Y Series of Quality Wines Salutes Our Proud History of Viticulture and Winemaking in South Australia.  Significantly, the individual icons on each label reflect the labours, inventive thinking and aspirations of all at Yalumba.   This Sangiovese Rosé depicts the butterfly. The butterfly represents the lifecycle approach to our sustainable winemaking practices, leaving nothing to chance when protecting the essential elements of the environment. A summer drink of berries and cherries with a hint of cinnamon.  Vegan and vegetarian friendly.  12% Alcohol""The 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry, watermelon, a little apple and some floral notes. Drinking reveals a tasty and fresh wine full of citrus and apple plus more strawberry, raspberry and watermelon. The fruit flavors are a bit zesty with nice light touches of spice and a good mouthfeel. It ends with a very satisfying, dry, medium length finish. This one clocks in at just 2.8 grams/liter of residual sugar.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Second is the 2012 Las Rocas de San Alejandro Garnacha Rosé which is 100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain. It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $10 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Continental climate (dry summers and cold winters). Chalky-calcareous and rocky soil. Mountainous area with altitudes from 600 to 1000m. Vineyards between 40 to 60 years old bush trained with natural drainage and an average yield of 3500 kg/ha.  An attractive strawberry pink colour with violet hues. Clean, fresh, dry and fruity. Very intense aromas, especially raspberry and strawberry. With a full body, it is tightly knit, elegant, persistent and has an aftertaste that reminds us once again of the red fruits. ""The 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé begins with very pleasant aromas of raspberry, strawberry, watermelon, a little spice and some floral notes. The wine tastes wonderful with delicious fruit and luscious streaks of spice and minerals. And while theres plenty of fruit its definitely very dry clocking in at just 1.9 grams/liter of residual sugar. This medium to full bodied rosé also features a wonderful thick mouthfeel, excellent complexity and very good structure. It ends dry with long lasting luscious fruit notes. Like so many rosés, this makes a great food wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Third is the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé which is a blend of Grenache, Cinsault, Syrah, Mourvèdre and Cabernet Sauvignon from Provence, France. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Owned by the Quiot family from Chateauneuf-du-Pape, the 200 acre estate lies at the foot of Mont Sainte Victoire near Aix-en-Provence. Its winemaking facilities have been completely renewed over the past 3 years.  This is a blend of Grenache, Syrah, Cinsault, Cabernet Sauvignon, Mourvedre.  Special efforts are made to preserve freshness and fruit by the use of CO2 gas to exclude oxygen during the harvest. This is a fresh rosé with a pretty salmon pink color, elegant flavors of red berries, mineral notes and a clean finish. Serve this wine lightly chilled. Very nice on its own, it goes well with most dishes, especially sushi, salads, pizza and mild cheeses.  13% Alcohol""Rosé is one of the things Provence does best and the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé does not disappoint. It begins with a wonderfully enticing aroma of raspberry, citrus and a little tomato plant along with stony minerality and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals a really delicious wine featuring ripe red fruit (strawberry, red cherry), pear, apple, watermelon and a touch of tropical fruit along with light spice notes, more mineral touches and good acidity. It ends with lingering peach and pear notes on the crisp, long, dry finish. This is fantastic stuff!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  Fourth is the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé which is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Western Cape, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $8 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""DMZ wines are produced by DeMorgenzon winery which is situated in the upper reaches of the Stellenboschkloof in Stellenbosch, South Africa. Terraced hillside vineyards and exquisite gardens are complemented by beautiful vistas of rugged mountains and sweeping views of both the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. With over 350 years of winemaking heritage, South Africa continues to produce excellent wines that combine elegance and charm with opulence and accessibility.  All DMZ wines are made from select parcels of grapes from special vineyards and carefully vinified to express the purity and integrity of the particular cultivar.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé is the first of two wines we are featuring from South Africa. It begins with fresh and pleasant aromas of red cherry, strawberry, watermelon, a little peach and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit (citrus, more watermelon, strawberry and other red berry fruit) with good depth of flavor. This one is a tad sweeter than some of the others at 3.9 grams/liter of residual sugar but it still tastes dry thanks to the high acidity. A touch of spice and minerality leads into the long, dry finish where juicy fruit lingers.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé which is 100% Pinotage from Stellenbosch, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""KANONCOP: Means ""Cannon Hill"" and is derived from the days when cannons were fired to signal the arrival of Dutch trade ships into Cape Town Harbour.  STYLE: Full bodied DRY wine with an aromatic raspberry and cherry flavours.  VINTAGE: A wet cold winter with a moderate ripening period. Harvesting date: 4 February 2013.  ORIGIN: Grapes were sourced from the quality wine region of Stellenbosch, east of Cape Town.  FOOD SUGGESTION: Drink by itself or serve with light funky styled food dishes. Best with anything from the sea.  14% Alcohol""The 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé comes from the polarizing Pinotage grape, but its hard to believe anyone could dislike it in rosé form as it is here. The wine begins with very pleasant aromas of watermelon, strawberry, red cherry and few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit in this medium to full-bodied wine. Youll find lime, cranberry, red cherry, strawberry and orange along with some very nice zesty spice streaks. This extremely tasty wine comes in at 3.0 grams/liter of residual sugar. It ends very long with lingering touches of minerality.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Last is the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec which is 100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Crios means offspring in Argentine slang. For 10 years, this wine was crafted by my mother Susana Balbo in honor of my sister Ana and me. As of 2011 I have taken over the challenge of crafting wines with as much care and attention as my mother. Ive worked hard to preserve the style - they display fresh fruit flavors, with balance that can only be learned from her. These wines are meant to be enjoyed while young and vibrant.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec begins with enticing aromas of berry and a little bit of spice. Tasting this easy to drink wine reveals plenty of strawberry and red cherry fruit, more spice and very good acidity. It ends with good length, more lingering strawberry and hints of minerality. Quite a tasty wine that we have enjoyed in previous vintages as well.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.    This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.  Dont Miss Our Next Deal! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
255,"   A lovely and refreshing rosé for summer.   100% Pinot Noir from Clarksburg, California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $9. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Heres to music and dance -- and wine. Hey Mambo! Like riffs from old Blue Note records, our stripes cue up syncopated rhythms -- lively and exciting, just like our wines. And like the notes of a song -- or steps to a dance -- our varietals are artfully blended to captivate. So celebrate!  Hey mambo Dry Rosé. Fruity bright -- yet surprisingly delicate! Notes of strawberry and watermelon rub shoulders with rose petal -- then slide into a finish of soft cherry and tangerine peel.  13.5% Alcohol""Hot summer days call for cool drinks, and a nice chilled dry rosé is at the top of my refreshment list. Dry refers to a low sweetness level (residual sugar), but that doesnt mean a lack of fruit. Many dry rosés are loaded with fruit flavors and thats exactly what we have here today.  The 2013 Hey Mambo Dry Rosé begins with very pleasant aromas of strawberry, orange, lime, cherry and floral notes. The wine tastes very fruity with lots of strawberry, peach and cran-apple flavors. It also features a smooth, full texture with very good acidity and a bit of spicy minerality and sea salt. It ends dry and crisp with lovely fruit notes that last a very long time. Highly recommended!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140721"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Hey Mambo Dry Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/07/hey-mambo-dry-rose.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
256,"   A whos who list of the best dry rosé under $12: the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé, the 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé, the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé, the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé, the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé and the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec.   If youve read The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time you know that one of our favorite things when temperatures get hot is popping open a wonderfully refreshing dry rosé. I also know that there are still many of you hesitant to give these wines a try, scarred from your experiences with White Zinfandel. If you suffer from PTWZD (Post Traumatic White Zinfandel Disorder) were here today with six of our favorite dry rosés under $12, each sealed with The Reverse Wine Snob guarantee of refreshment.  [THIS DEAL IS NOW EXPIRED! Subscribe to our daily email to make sure you dont miss the next one!] Better yet, our friends at Marketview Liquor are so committed to helping you recover from PTWZD that theyre not only offering some of the best prices on the internet on these wines, but also FREE SHIPPING on all orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight) for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob! So read on, enjoy and recover...   Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  First up is the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé from South Australia (Barossa, Wrattonbully and Adelaide Hills). It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Yalumba Y Series of Quality Wines Salutes Our Proud History of Viticulture and Winemaking in South Australia.  Significantly, the individual icons on each label reflect the labours, inventive thinking and aspirations of all at Yalumba.   This Sangiovese Rosé depicts the butterfly. The butterfly represents the lifecycle approach to our sustainable winemaking practices, leaving nothing to chance when protecting the essential elements of the environment. A summer drink of berries and cherries with a hint of cinnamon.  Vegan and vegetarian friendly.  12% Alcohol""The 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry, watermelon, a little apple and some floral notes. Drinking reveals a tasty and fresh wine full of citrus and apple plus more strawberry, raspberry and watermelon. The fruit flavors are a bit zesty with nice light touches of spice and a good mouthfeel. It ends with a very satisfying, dry, medium length finish. This one clocks in at just 2.8 grams/liter of residual sugar.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Second is the 2012 Las Rocas de San Alejandro Garnacha Rosé which is 100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain. It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $10 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Continental climate (dry summers and cold winters). Chalky-calcareous and rocky soil. Mountainous area with altitudes from 600 to 1000m. Vineyards between 40 to 60 years old bush trained with natural drainage and an average yield of 3500 kg/ha.  An attractive strawberry pink colour with violet hues. Clean, fresh, dry and fruity. Very intense aromas, especially raspberry and strawberry. With a full body, it is tightly knit, elegant, persistent and has an aftertaste that reminds us once again of the red fruits. ""The 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé begins with very pleasant aromas of raspberry, strawberry, watermelon, a little spice and some floral notes. The wine tastes wonderful with delicious fruit and luscious streaks of spice and minerals. And while theres plenty of fruit its definitely very dry clocking in at just 1.9 grams/liter of residual sugar. This medium to full bodied rosé also features a wonderful thick mouthfeel, excellent complexity and very good structure. It ends dry with long lasting luscious fruit notes. Like so many rosés, this makes a great food wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Third is the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé which is a blend of Grenache, Cinsault, Syrah, Mourvèdre and Cabernet Sauvignon from Provence, France. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Owned by the Quiot family from Chateauneuf-du-Pape, the 200 acre estate lies at the foot of Mont Sainte Victoire near Aix-en-Provence. Its winemaking facilities have been completely renewed over the past 3 years.  This is a blend of Grenache, Syrah, Cinsault, Cabernet Sauvignon, Mourvedre.  Special efforts are made to preserve freshness and fruit by the use of CO2 gas to exclude oxygen during the harvest. This is a fresh rosé with a pretty salmon pink color, elegant flavors of red berries, mineral notes and a clean finish. Serve this wine lightly chilled. Very nice on its own, it goes well with most dishes, especially sushi, salads, pizza and mild cheeses.  13% Alcohol""Rosé is one of the things Provence does best and the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé does not disappoint. It begins with a wonderfully enticing aroma of raspberry, citrus and a little tomato plant along with stony minerality and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals a really delicious wine featuring ripe red fruit (strawberry, red cherry), pear, apple, watermelon and a touch of tropical fruit along with light spice notes, more mineral touches and good acidity. It ends with lingering peach and pear notes on the crisp, long, dry finish. This is fantastic stuff!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  Fourth is the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé which is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Western Cape, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $8 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""DMZ wines are produced by DeMorgenzon winery which is situated in the upper reaches of the Stellenboschkloof in Stellenbosch, South Africa. Terraced hillside vineyards and exquisite gardens are complemented by beautiful vistas of rugged mountains and sweeping views of both the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. With over 350 years of winemaking heritage, South Africa continues to produce excellent wines that combine elegance and charm with opulence and accessibility.  All DMZ wines are made from select parcels of grapes from special vineyards and carefully vinified to express the purity and integrity of the particular cultivar.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé is the first of two wines we are featuring from South Africa. It begins with fresh and pleasant aromas of red cherry, strawberry, watermelon, a little peach and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit (citrus, more watermelon, strawberry and other red berry fruit) with good depth of flavor. This one is a tad sweeter than some of the others at 3.9 grams/liter of residual sugar but it still tastes dry thanks to the high acidity. A touch of spice and minerality leads into the long, dry finish where juicy fruit lingers.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé which is 100% Pinotage from Stellenbosch, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""KANONCOP: Means ""Cannon Hill"" and is derived from the days when cannons were fired to signal the arrival of Dutch trade ships into Cape Town Harbour.  STYLE: Full bodied DRY wine with an aromatic raspberry and cherry flavours.  VINTAGE: A wet cold winter with a moderate ripening period. Harvesting date: 4 February 2013.  ORIGIN: Grapes were sourced from the quality wine region of Stellenbosch, east of Cape Town.  FOOD SUGGESTION: Drink by itself or serve with light funky styled food dishes. Best with anything from the sea.  14% Alcohol""The 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé comes from the polarizing Pinotage grape, but its hard to believe anyone could dislike it in rosé form as it is here. The wine begins with very pleasant aromas of watermelon, strawberry, red cherry and few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit in this medium to full-bodied wine. Youll find lime, cranberry, red cherry, strawberry and orange along with some very nice zesty spice streaks. This extremely tasty wine comes in at 3.0 grams/liter of residual sugar. It ends very long with lingering touches of minerality.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Last is the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec which is 100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Crios means offspring in Argentine slang. For 10 years, this wine was crafted by my mother Susana Balbo in honor of my sister Ana and me. As of 2011 I have taken over the challenge of crafting wines with as much care and attention as my mother. Ive worked hard to preserve the style - they display fresh fruit flavors, with balance that can only be learned from her. These wines are meant to be enjoyed while young and vibrant.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec begins with enticing aromas of berry and a little bit of spice. Tasting this easy to drink wine reveals plenty of strawberry and red cherry fruit, more spice and very good acidity. It ends with good length, more lingering strawberry and hints of minerality. Quite a tasty wine that we have enjoyed in previous vintages as well.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.    This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.  Dont Miss Our Next Deal! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
257,"   A dry and fruity white blend from Long Island.   29% Chardonnay, 26% Pinot Blanc, 18% Riesling, 14% Viognier, 9% Sauvignon Blanc and 4% Gewürztraminer from North Fork of Long Island, New York.  SRP of $46 and available for as low as $40. 810 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the box: ""0% Oak 0% Residual Sugar (Dry) Hand-Harvested  An exotic, aromatic white blend with flavors of peach, melon and honeysuckle.  12.9% Alcohol""Whenever I think of wine from New York I can’t help but think of the old Pace Picante salsa commercial with the cowboys exclaiming, “that stuff is made in New York City!” Yes wine may not be the first thing that comes to mind when you think of New York, but areas like the Finger Lakes and Niagara are doing some fantastic things with wine and as whole the state is 4th largest wine producer in the United States. Even densely populated Long Island, which has 40% of New York States population, is getting in on the act. Definitely not the first place you would think to look for a vineyard, but lo and behold, there are some excellent wines being made here as we first found a couple years ago.  The 2013 Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend is a dry wine with no residual sugar, does not undergo malolactic fermentation and is aged in 100% stainless steel. All of this makes for a very fresh wine that despite being dry (not sweet) still features a ton of delicious fruit. Highly aromatic on the nose, the wine features abundant aromas of honeysuckle, green apple, peach, lemon and a little tropical fruit. All that fruit continues when tasting this well structured wine. Tangy citrus and tropical fruit lead into the dry, long, slightly chalky, mouthwatering finish. Excellent and highly recommended!  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141105"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/the-best-box-wines-lieb-cellars-bridge-lane-white-blend.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
258,"   Spain gets the gold in the value wine Olympics.   70% Chardonnay and 30% Parellada from Penedes, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $9. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Anna de Codorniu is a pure, lively sparkling wine. Celebrating the life of the heiress to Spains original winemaking dynasty, Codorniu, it is produced authentically, ""Methode Traditionelle"", using only our finest, estate-grown fruit. Well balanced and refreshing, featuring delicate aromas of tropical fruit, citrus and pineapple followed by bright flavors of peach, apple and lime. Great match for seafood!   11.5% Alcohol""If you are a Reverse Wine Snob like me then you probably already know this, but Spain rocks. Whether it be ridiculously cheap old vine Garnacha, delicious age-worthy Tempranillo, crisp and fresh whites, or even sparkling wine that is a fraction of the cost of Champagne (and usually just as good), there is an endless supply of excellent, inexpensive wine coming out of Spain. Todays Cava is no different.  The Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut begins with a delicate aroma of apple, tropical fruit, orange blossom and a hint of vanilla. The wine tastes really delicious with deep flavors of apple, citrus, lots of lime and just a bit of biscuit. It also has a very nice mouthfeel with good bubbles, good acidity and a lightly creamy texture. It ends with persistent notes of zesty lime and a little pineapple. Excellent!  Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut - Holiday Sparklers 2012 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121221"",  ""title"" : ""Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/anna-de-codorniu-cava-brut-crazy-for-cava.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
259,"  100% Grillo from Sicily, Italy and 100% Sangiovese from Tuscany, Italy. Organic and vegan.  Both have an SRP of $15 and are available for around $12 for a 1 Liter Tetra Pak. Samples received courtesy Monte Bernardi for review purposes.  Todays wines are a new introduction from Monte Bernardi, and they are a bit of a rarity as they are Italian wines packaged in a Tetra Pak. Why a Tetra Pak you may ask? Two reasons. First, these wines are intended to be consumed young which makes a bottle unnecessary. Second, and more importantly, one shipping pallet of Tetra Paks equals 38 pallets of glass bottles! Aside from the obvious environmental impact, this lowers prices. The cheaper the shipping cost the lower your price, something we definitely appreciate here at The Reverse Wine Snob! Of course, this is all for naught if the wine isnt any good, so lets see how each of these wines rate. Up first, the Sangiovese.  From the Tetra Pak: ""This wine expresses the classic qualities of Italian Sangiovese - intense ruby red with hints of purple; aromas of cherry and red plums, and spice; on the palate its fresh and fruity, medium-bodied and well balanced, with a juicy acidity and a long finish.  As a winemaker I was drawn to Italy out of a love for Sangiovese, Tuscany and the distinctiveness of Italian wines. Enjoy this delicious ready to drink Sangiovese, in an environmentally conscious package, from vineyards farmed organically by passionate growers!  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese by Monte Bernardi begins with a fabulous bouquet of red cherry, plum and other ripe red fruit along with some nice spice and succulent smoked meat. The wine tastes...really good. This medium-bodied wine features nice fresh juicy fruit, good spice and some smoked meat notes that continue from the bouquet. The finish is dry, fruity, spicy and delicious with some lingering smoky notes. Underlining the fact that this wine is meant to be drunk young, it did not hold up very well on day 2, but thats about the only thing even slightly negative I can say about it. This is a really easy to drink and delicious wine that would be fabulous for pizza night.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Next up, the Grillo! From the Tetra Pak: ""Grillo is thought to have been used in one of Julius Caesars favorite wines. Et tu, Brutus? This wine expresses the classic qualities of Italian Grillo - crisp, bright and pale lemon in color; aromas of citrus zest, with a hint of wild flowers; on the palate its generous, well-balanced - with a fresh acidity and a touch of minerality.  13.0% Alcohol""Grillo is a grape you dont hear much about, but it is grown throughout Sicily. The 2011 Fuori Strada Off Road Grillo by Monte Bernardi begins with aromas of zesty citrus and a little melon along with some floral notes. The wine tastes, crisp, simple and good with fresh fruit flavors plus some nice minerality and good acidity. It ends with flavorful fruit on the medium length finish. Thanks to its easy drinking character and food flexibility, this one is sure to be a crowd-pleaser.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
260,"   Crisp, clean and deliciously sweet.   100% Moscato sparkling wine from Oltrepa Pavese, Lombardy, Italy.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This sparkling wine is fresh and crisp with a citrus bouquet. After a delicate pressing of the grapes, the must is immediately fermented with the Charmat method in large pressure-sealed stainless steal vats, creating a bright golden straw yellow colored Moscato. It is crisp on the plate with flavors reminiscent of peaches and honey that are enhanced by the intense yet fine bubbles.  Serve with desserts especially fresh fruits and pastries or enjoy when paired with spicier dishes. Perfect for parties, summer sipping and Sunday brunches.  8.0% Alcohol""Sparkling wine is perfect this time of year -- and Im not just talking about New Years Eve. Thanks to all those bubbles, sparkling wine makes for some great pairing opportunities with all kinds of rich and salty appetizers popular at holiday parties. And lets face it, nothing signifies a celebration better than some bubbly. Today we have a sparkler made using one of the more popular grapes right now, Moscato.   The Mionetto Dolce Moscato begins with a very pleasant aroma of peach, citrus, honeysuckle and some other perfumed floral notes. The wine tastes deliciously sweet with the perfect amount of bubbles, which evidently is a lot harder to accomplish than it seems as much of the sparkling wine I taste just goes overboard with the effervescence. The primary flavors are peach and citrus like the nose, but in the mouth they are drenched in honey. It ends crisp and clean with good length. At a price point of only $10, this wine offers tons of value.   Also check out our Holiday Sparklers series from last year and the year before for more great options.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131219"",  ""title"" : ""Mionetto Dolce Moscato"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/mionetto-dolce-moscato.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
261,"  45% Macabeo, 40% Xarel-lo and 15% Parellada from Penedés, Spain.  SRP of $13 and available widely for $10. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Experience Paul Cheneau Brut Blanc de Blancs and experience the Spanish cava with French flair. First created in 1976 by Arséne Beauny, a noted French oenologist from Reims, Paul Cheneau Brut Blanc de Blancs was first blended to emulate the wines of his native Champagne. Even though this dynamic sparkling wine is produced from the classic grape varieties of the Penedés and reflects the unique terroir of this historic region in northeastern Spain, Paul Cheneau Brut Blanc de Blancs continues to flaunt its French roots. The assemblage and techniques are inspired by the finest houses in Champagne and the result is this superior wine that is both complex and elegant in style.  12.0% Alcohol""Wow, were already seven wines into our Holiday Sparklers series and so far all seven have been really good! In fact, you really cant go wrong with any of these, but todays wine gives a combination of taste and value that just might make it my favorite to date.   The Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut begins with aromas of melon, banana, citrus, and a little almond. Very nice. The wine tastes crisp, fresh, and a bit creamy. Really very nice. The predominant flavors when tasting are melon, mango and citrus. This one ends with a long and fruity finish of mango plus a dash of dried herbs.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111202"",  ""title"" : ""Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
262," Pinot Grigio youll want to drink.     Even the bottle shape is better.   Dont get me wrong, theres plenty of good Pinot Grigio out there -- but theres also tons of watered down, lifeless juice you can barely call wine (Italy and California, Im looking at you). Of course years ago as a very casual wine drinker, I loved the stuff. Give me a bottle of Ecco Domani and I was in heaven. And in all actuality thats still a fine wine if thats what youre in the mood for, its just that nowadays I find myself wanting something with a little more substance and complexity. To be honest, I had just about given up on finding that in Pinot Grigio, except for perhaps the occasional bottle from Alto Adige or Australia. But then I discovered Alsace.  The Alsace region in the north-eastern corner of France is well known for producing stellar white wines. Riesling and Gewurztraminer are the most popular, but Pinot Gris (aka Pinot Grigio) is right behind them. The wines produced here are markedly different, in part due to the heavy German influence (the whole region has changed nationality several times throughout history, switching between Germany and France) and partially due to the mix of volcanic and limestone soils and the unique climate created by the Vosges Mountains. Like any good wine, you almost feel that you can taste these elements in the glass. And perhaps remarkably for us, given were talking about French wine here, there are a number of excellent examples of Alsatian Pinot Gris for under $20. Here are four of my favorite Pinot Gris picks from Alsace.    First up is the Willm Pinot Gris Reserve 2011 with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $11. 13% Alcohol.  The wine begins with pleasant aromas of honey tinged fruit, primarily peach, apricot and a little pear. Nothing out of the ordinary so far, but its when tasting the wine you realize that this is not your average Pinot Grigio. The Willm is so much more substantial with a soft and round texture that is really quite pleasing. The wine is modestly sweet but some nice acidity at the core helps to keep the sweetness level in check. It ends with more honey soaked fruit that lasts for good time in the mouth. A great place to start your exploration of Pinot Gris.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Second is the Domaine Mittnacht Freres Pinot Gris Les Petits Grains 2011 with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $20. 14% Alcohol.  The Domaine Mittnacht reveals more of the mineral side of Alsace. It begins with peach, apricot, pear and honeysuckle aromas along with a hint of tropical fruit. Tasting the wine reveals a lovely texture and viscosity with lots of minerals, fruit and spice. Theres also an excellent bright acidity. The fruit flavors are similar to the nose, but the fruit takes a back seat when tasting this wine. It ends crisp and clean.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Third is the Domaines Schlumberger Les Princes Abbes Pinot Gris 2009 with an SRP of $20 and available for as low as $15. 13.5% Alcohol.  The Domains Schlumberger begins altogether different than the first two wines. Earthy apple and quince notes, white peach and hints of smoke and lemon are the first aromas to hit you. That lovely mouthfeel is still there however, this time rich and even a bit chalky. The primary flavors when tasting are similar to the bouquet with perhaps a bit more smoke coming through and lasting all the way through to the long finish. Whats interesting is that many times a wine with a thick mouthfeel like this would be very sweet, but thats not the case here. And just like the first two wines, lovely mineral notes add intrigue. A wine that just gets better and better with every sip.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Last we have the Meyer-Fonne Pinot Gris Reserve Particuliere 2009 with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $20. 13.5% Alcohol.  With this wine, the first thing to hit you when smelling it are funky, earthy notes with apple, peach and a hint of tropical fruit not far behind. The wine tastes absolutely splendid with a lovely and lively texture in the mouth. It isnt at all what I expected from the nose, but its delicious. Baked green apple, peach, spicy pear and even a hint of cinnamon combine with good acidity and then eventually give way to chalky mineral notes on the long finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy All wines were samples submitted for review.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
263,"   Some like fruit and some like spice, but combined they make todays wine very nice.  50% Garnacha, 40% Tempranillo and 10% Graciano from Rioja Alavesa, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13.79. (FYI, for the 2009 vintage forward the name has changed to Bodegas Exopto Bozeto.)  From the winery: ""Tasting Notes: Aromas of white pepper, spice box, tobacco, cassis and black cherry. A medium-bodied, moderately complex wine shows generous and ripe fruit, good balance.  Food Pairing: White meats, dry cheeses, orange sauces, grilled meats, fondues, paella, Italian and spicy dishes.  13.5% Alcohol""Rioja Alavesa is the smallest and northernmost of the three sub-areas within Rioja, a wonderful wine area in Spain we are big fans of here at The Reverse Wine Snob. Todays wine is a blend of three of the most popular red grapes in Rioja: Tempranillo, probably the signature grape of the region; Garnacha, a delicious variety very prominent all over Spain; and Graciano, a lesser known variety that is growing in popularity and is indigenous to this area. Lets see how the combination of these three grapes does in todays selection.  The 2008 Bodegas Exopto Big Bang begins with fragrant aromas of blackberry, ripe plum, spice, pepper and a little leather. Very nice. Tasting reveals a good smooth texture in this medium-bodied wine with flavors of black cherry and other dark fruit along with lots of peppery spice that becomes more prominent on the finish. Speaking of the finish, its dry with good length and has some nice sweet fruit to go along with all that pepper and spice. Very tasty and quite fun to drink!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121227"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Bodegas Exopto Big Bang"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/bodegas-exopto-big-bang.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
264,"   A 2005 vintage wine from Napa Valley for under $20??   100% Petite Sirah from Napa Valley, California.  It appears that this wine had an SRP of $50(!) when it was released. It is currently available for as low as $19.95 if youre near one of the few stores in California that stocks it. I purchased it for $24.   From the bottle: ""Since the late 1930s, three generations of the Madrigal family have farmed the vineyards of the Napa Valley. We have learned one thing for sure -- it takes great grapes to produce great wine. We are proud to offer hand-crafted wines in small lots from the finest vineyards. Enjoy!  14.4% Alcohol""Todays wine seems almost too good to be true because, justified or not, Napa Valley wines command a premium. There arent many Napa Valley wines that ever go for under $20 and when you are buying a 2005 vintage wine (which was an excellent vintage) in the year 2013, you best be prepared to shell out a lot more than that. So what gives with todays wine? There are probably a number of factors at play, but mostly you can thank the vastly under-appreciated Petite Sirah grape for keeping the prices down on this Napa Valley nugget of gold.   I love Petite Sirah and as weve discussed many times I really dont understand why prices of these wines arent higher. It just goes to show how irrational wine pricing can be, with prices being driven up based on name alone. Of course Im not really complaining because this opens up a wonderful opportunity for Reverse Wine Snobs!  The 2005 Madrigal Vineyards Napa Valley Petite Sirah begins with a beautiful aroma of deep blackberry, a little leather, anise, black pepper and spice. Tasting the wine reveals tons of depth in the rich, dark, amazingly delicious fruit. The wine is thickly tannic but theres so much fruit that it is still nicely balanced. Its also very smooth. And did I mention how delicious it was? It does have a bit of sediment after all those years in the bottle so you may want to filter it when serving. It ends dry, with very good length and a hint of oaky spice, but mostly just more rich and savory dark fruit. Ive purchased this beauty multiple times and everyone Ive poured it for has absolutely loved it. My only concern is when this vintage will no longer be available!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130713"",  ""title"" : ""2005 Madrigal Napa Valley Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
265,"   So fun to drink we had to rate it a 10.   Pinot Noir from Sonoma Coast, California.  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Petito Split Rock Vineyard Pinot Noir 2008 (with an SRP of $55) for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order! With only 150 cases produced this is a rather amazing deal especially considering the next cheapest internet retailer selling has it priced at $34.99 plus shipping (which was a whopping $17 for me)!  From the bottle: ""This 110 acre vineyard is one of the Sonoma Coasts finest. It sits between 320 and 820 feet above sea level. It consistently produces high quality Pinot Noir, year after year. Spicy tones and red fruit are the result of this very uniquely made wine. This wine has great intensity and a long, lingering finish on the palate, along with a solid acid core that balances out the tannins.   14.1% Alcohol""The 2008 Petito Split Rock Vineyard Pinot Noir begins with a big, wonderfully complex and inviting aroma that features black cherry, strawberry, smoky spice, dried herbs, cola and more. The wine tastes luscious, smooth and silky and features lots of deep juicy fruit that is wonderfully balanced with oak overtones and a fresh, bright acidity. It ends with an oaky, juicy, smoky, mineral-tinged, dry finish that lingers for a very long time. A perfect 10!  Get the Petito Split Rock Vineyard Pinot Noir 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!  Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141004"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Petito Split Rock Vineyard Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/petito-split-rock-vineyard-pinot-noir.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Petito Split Rock Vineyard Pinot Noir 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
266,"   Mouthwateringly good.   80% Freisa, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Merlot from Monforte dAlba, Langhe, Piedmont, Italy.  SRP of $35, purchased for $19.99 but more typically available for around $25. Imported by Massanois Imports.  From the winery: ""Species of Vine: Freisa, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot.   Vineyard: different vineyards in Bussia (Monforte dAlba).  Harvest: manual, with grapes selection in the vineyard.   Time of Harvest: mid-October.   Vinification: red, with skin soaking inside stainless steel vats.   Vinification Time: the must stays on contact with the skins for 6 to 8 days and it is further drawn off wine; finally, the alcoholic Vinification gets fully complete.   Vinification Temperatures: from 26 to 28 degrees centigrades.   Cellar Refining: the new wine spends a few months inside stainless steel vats, it is transferred several times, and, consequently, it is poured onto barrels (“barriques”) where it remains for 12 months; finally, it will be bottled.   14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine, which hails from the same area as Barolo, comes from a grape that I have to admit I had never heard of before: Freisa (FRAY-zah). Once a well known grape in Piedmont, it has been overshadowed in recent times by Nebbiolo. It is most commonly seen today in the form of a slightly sweet sparkling wine, but can also be produced as a rich and tannic still wine with lots of acidity and thats exactly what we have today.   The 2009 Poderi Aldo Conterno Langhe Rosso begins with a lovely aroma of deep, dark, ripe fruit plus violets, lavender, red licorice and a bit of smoke. Tasting the wine reveals tons of succulent sour cherry and other mouthwateringly tart berry fruit. Theres also a nice spicy earthy component that balances all the fruit perfectly. Add to that great acidity, a super smooth texture and good solid (but not overwhelming) tannins and youve got a seriously good wine. It ends dry with more rich and very tart fruit that hangs around in your mouth for days. Fantastic!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131216"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Poderi Aldo Conterno Langhe Rosso"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/poderi-aldo-conterno-langhe-rosso.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
267,"   Fantastic once again!   60% Grenache Noir, 25% Syrah and 15% Mourvedre from Paso Robles and Santa Ynez Valley, Central Coast, California.   SRP of $25 and available for as low as $19.99. 600 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The 2011 Esperance is the fulfillment of a dream to produce a rich, red wine blend that rivals the famed wines of Gigondas, in the southern Rhône Valley, while retaining an Andrew Murray Vineyards house style.  This vintage was given a more serious winemaking regimen with more new oak. I also chose a bigger Syrah to blend in with the Grenache and Mourvedre, so the resulting wine is a bit more profound. I believe this is perhaps the best Espérance that we have ever released. All of the extra effort has yielded a rich, concentrated wine with aromas and flavors of ultra-ripe strawberries, black cherries, and blueberries, mixed in with the spiciness of cinnamon and vanilla from the toasty new French oak. We chose to close the bottle with the Stelvin ScrewCap to preserve the freshness and avoid off flavors. It is a blend of 60% Grenache, 25% Syrah, and 15% Mourvedre that is 100% delicious.   15.0% Alcohol""Weve long been fans of Andrew Murray Vineyards here at The Reverse Wine Snob, so much so that their Tous Les Jours Syrah was once #1 on our Top 10 Reds list. Its been a vintage or two since weve reviewed any of their wines so were quite excited to try out the new vintage of their GSM blend, Esperance. We absolutely loved the 2009 vintage of this Grenache, Syrah, Mourvedre blend. However, since it had been a while since we tried one of their wines I had a little trepidation that these new vintages may not live up to what we loved so much about these wines in the past, or that perhaps our tastes had changed. It turns out those fears were unfounded and this wine was just as delicious as we remembered the 2009 to be!  The 2011 Andrew Murray Vineyards Esperance GSM Red Blend begins with an awesome aromas of lots of ripe berries, cinnamon spice, and vanilla with some nice floral notes. When tasting the wine youll find tons of delicious fruit layered with peppery spice wrapped up in a silky smooth mouthfeel. This is a big, rich and spicy wine. The deliciousness carries through to the long finish. The Esperance will be at its best after a couple hours in the glass so plan accordingly and then be prepared to be blown away.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130508"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Andrew Murray Vineyards Esperance"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/andrew-murray-vineyards-esperance.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
268,"   The 2012 Estate Crush, 2013 Turley, 2011 Onesta and 2011 Michael David Winery Ancient Vines Cinsault.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Tenuta Di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   All four wines are 100% organically grown Cinsault from Bechthold Vineyard, Lodi, California.  Cinsault (pronounced sin-SO in the U.S. and san-SO in France) is most commonly used as a blending component in red wines or at times as a rosé. What most may not know is that this variety more than stands on its own as a single varietal red wine and actually offers a perfect complement to your Thanksgiving feast flavors.  However Im not talking about just any Cinsault here, what you want is Cinsault from the 25 acre Bechthold Vineyard in Lodi, California which, believe it or not, is one of the oldest Cinsault vineyards in the world. You read that right -- despite this variety being grown for several centuries in southern France the Bechthold Vineyard planted in 1886 may just be the oldest in the world.  And as it turns out this gem of a vineyard was almost never recognized for what it was and subsequently nearly lost forever. Just over 10 short years ago the vineyard sat in disregard and in danger of being ripped up because the grapes, then thought to be a variety called Malvoisie, were selling for such a low price that it almost didnt make sense to pick them. Through a fortuitous turns of events (which you can read about at The Wines of Lodi blog) the vineyard was preserved and is now thriving. A number of different labels produce wine from the Bechtold Vineyard so today weve got excellent picks from four of them -- two under $20 and two Saturday Splurges.    First up is the 2013 Michael David Winery Ancient Vine Cinsault which has an SRP of $25 and is available for as low as $19.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Planted by Joseph Spenker in 1885, our Cinsault comes from Lodis oldest producing vineyard and one of the worlds oldest Cinsault plantings. Now farmed by Michaels son, Kevin Phillips, this vineyard is head trained and dry farmed just how it was when planted 130 years ago.  14.5% Alcohol""One of our favorite Cinsault wines from Bechthold Vineyard (and also one of the cheapest) is the 2013 Michael David Winery Ancient Vine Cinsault. This wine opens with lovely, lovely, lovely aromas of cranberry, baking spice, mint, red licorice, black cherry and lots of floral notes. Tasting shows an excellent subtle complexity with juicy fruit, minerals, spice and dried herbs all combining seamlessly in this light to medium-bodied wine. It ends very long and lingering. And just like the others we are featuring today, this is a fabulous wine for Pinot Noir lovers.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Second is the 2013 Turley Cinsault which has an SRP of $17 and is available at that price. 1,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Planted in 1886, this Cinsault vineyard is the oldest of its kind in the country—perhaps even beyond. The vines are gnarly, head-trained and planted on their own roots. The wine is light-bodied, tart, perfumed, and extremely well balanced.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 Turley Cinsault begins with very nice, very complex aromas of crushed flowers, strawberry, cranberry, red cherry, red licorice and a little spice. Tasting the light to medium-bodied wine reveals lots of cranberry, lightly candied red cherry and even some pomegranate. The wine also turns quite tart when tasting and is lightly spicy. It ends long with lots of lingering tart sweet fruit.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Third is the 2012 Estate Crush Cinsault which has an SRP of $26 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Only 100 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Estate Crush wines showcase our custom, handcrafted small lot production capabilities. From every barrel, bottle and glass of wine, Estate Crush is dedicated to creating wines that release the full potential of the fruit on the vine. We hope you enjoy drinking this wine as much as our team enjoyed creating it. Cheers!  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Estate Crush Cinsault begins with an excellent aroma of strawberry, red cherry, roses, a little mint and other spice plus hints of rhubarb and cranberry. The wine tastes really lovely and quite complex with strawberry, red cherry, pomegranate and cranberry mixed with fantastic spice notes. Those hints of rhubarb and mint from the nose carry over as well. It ends very, very long and delicious with lots of lingering spice.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Last, but not least is the 2011 Onesta Cinsault which has an SRP of $29 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Only 370 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""truth, honesty, virtue  Onesta Cinsault captures the truth of each vintage, uniting the vines, the land, Mother Nature, and maturation. The dry farmed 130 year old Bechthold Vineyard Cinsault produces a wine with deep notes of rhubarb and cherry, a hint of spice and a rich vibrant glow. Enjoy with your good friends now or over the next 3 years.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Onesta Cinsault begins with a very pleasant and complex aroma of strawberry, black cherry, red licorice, spice, rhubarb and a hint of mint. Tasting reveals similar fruit flavors to the nose with a bit of cranberry as well. The wine is also quite juicy when tasting and features very well integrated spice. That hint of rhubarb from the nose comes out mid-palate and carries all the way through the very long, dry finish which also features some excellent mineral notes and more oaky spice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
269,"  75% Tempranillo and 25% Graciano from Lodi, California.   SRP of $21 and available for as low as $17. Sample received courtesy the winemaker and TAPAS Society for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Our Catalan roots have fueled our dream for producing Spanish varietal wines from our own vineyards. Like its Iberian counterpart in the Ribera Del Duero, this wine displays luscious aromas of strawberry, cherry, cassis and hints of cocoa, tobacco and spice.  Production: 390 cases  14.5% Alcohol""Today were reviewing a bit of a rarity, an American Tempranillo. This grape is widely used in Spain and its gaining popularity here in the U.S. as well. We previously reviewed another American Tempranillo, the 2008 St. Amant Amador County Tempranillo and found that it competed quite nicely with its international brothers. Lets find out if todays wine fares as well.  The 2008 Bokisch Vineyards Tempranillo begins with aromas of blackberry, raspberry and a little spice and pepper. Tasting the wine shows lots of smooth dark fruit followed by some great tannins, nicely integrated spice and a finish that just keeps going. Some lingering caramel and cocoa notes close this one out. This wine can definitely hang with the Spaniards. Impressive!  Also check out these reviews of other American grown Tenmpranillo: The Abacela Estate Tempranillo from Umpqua Valley, Oregon: A Myriad of Multi-Dimensional Flavors. The Longoria Clover Creek Vineyard Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: America The Beautiful (Saturday Splurge) The St. Amant Amador County Tempranillo from Amador County, California: Made In The U.S.A. The Curran Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: A Decadently Delicious Saturday Splurge   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111220"",  ""title"" : ""Bokisch Vineyards Tempranillo 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
270,"   A delicious Northern Rhone like Syrah from Paso Robles.   100% Syrah from Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review. 5,338 cases produced.   From the bottle: ""Angels have always been our inspiration, hence the name. Angels have always guided us and, we are convinced, contribute to bring our wines to your table, for your enjoyment.  Aurelio Montes, Chiles pioneering modern winemaker, continually explores the world for exceptional vineyard sites to produce wines under the Montes label. Created in 1987 Montes  Winery is perhaps best known for Montes Alpha and Alpha M wines. In 2002 Montes started Kaiken wines from Argentina and Napa Angel from California in 2006. As the foremost Syrah producer in Chile, Aurelio felt an instant attraction to the Paso Robles region in Southern California where this grape grows magnificently.   Aged in French oak barrels for 12 months, Montes StarAngel is ruby red in color with a harmonious balance of lively red fruit and hints of oak. Notes of strawberries and blackberry marmalade evolve into an elegant, distinctive smokiness on the nose with a long, velvety finish. This wine can be enjoyed now or aged for over 7 years. Ideal food pairings include steak, game and hearty pastas. Decanting is recommended. Serve at 63-66F.   15% Alcohol""The nose on the 2008 Star Angel by Montes Syrah grabs you as soon as you open the bottle. Its strong, enticing aroma is filled with blackberry, black cherry, prunes, cola, licorice and spice. Tasting reveals dark, juicy fruit; plenty of spice and black pepper; and a hint of smoke just like a good Syrah should have. This medium to full-bodied wine also has a very smooth texture and despite the 15% alcohol theres not even a hint of heat. It ends with prune and raisin notes plus oaky spice (from 12 months in French oak barrels) on the long, dry finish. In this wine we have a Chilean making a delicious Northern Rhone like Syrah in Paso Robles -- we truly are living in a global economy!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140920"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Montes Star Angel Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/montes-star-angel-syrah.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
271," Smooth, smooth, smooth!   Exclusively from Costco comes the 2008 Willamette Valley Vineyards Barrel Select Pinot Noir at $16.99.  From the bottle: Pinot Noir grown in the Willamette Valley Appellation is among the highest quality of this variety in the world. Our mission in growing  cool climate varietals is to create elegant, classic, Oregon wines from the Willamette Valley Appellation. All of our vineyards are certified sustainable - LIVE (Low Input Viticulture and Enology) and Salmon Safe. Pinot Noir, a thin skinned winegrape, develops a natural defense against botrytis (mold) in our moist, cool climate - the antioxidant resveratrol.This wine has been very popular at my Costco, in fact, they have had trouble keeping it on the shelf. I decided to give it a try it after overhearing employees talking about how it was the third time they had to restock it in one day! In addition, this wine can only be found at Costco. When I asked Willamette Valley Vineyard about this wine their reply was that ""We have the Barrel Select Pinot Noir in Costco......this wine is only available in Costco and you cannot find it on our website as it is not for general retail sale.""   My guess is that this is an entry level wine for them designed to get Costco buyers to move up to their more expensive wines after trying this one. That strategy may very well work, because we liked this wine a lot. Smooth is the best word to describe it. This wine is very easy to drink -- it might be lacking a little bit of complexity as a result of the smoothness, but thats about the only bad thing I can say about it. This is a wine that I think everybody would like. 2008 was supposedly a very good year in Oregon for Pinot Noir, and it shows here. This just the second wine weve reviewed that has gotten a 9 ranking in taste.  One other side note, the label also includes a bunch of technical data which is pretty cool. It lists details like soil type, grape info, harvest date, temp, amount of resveratrol (3.5 Micromolar), and type of oak. Id like to see more wineries do this. And for those interested, the level of resveratrol in this wine, and all pinot noir and other cool climate wines is quite high.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110222"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Willamette Valley Vineyards Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
272,"   A seriously good blend from Mendoza.   50% Malbec, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Syrah and 10% Merlot from Valle de Uco, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $17.   From the bottle: ""Petit Fleur of Lindaflor, surprising blend where Malbec is the main component. Merlot offers elegance and roundness, Syrah the mineral complexity and Cabernet Sauvignon the tannin complexity that contributes to the balance and structure. Due to its intensity of fruit, body and volume, we recommend to decant before drinking and to serve between 14C-16C.  50% Malbec, 10% Syrah, 10% Merlot, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon Vineyard density: 5500 feet per hectare. Location: Clos de los Siete, 1100 msm. South of Mendoza, Argentina. Soil: slimy and franc, increasing the proportion of gravels in subsoil. Vinification and unbringing: maceration in tanks of 100 hl. For 30 days with manual pigeage. Ageing in barrels for 12 months, only 30% new casks. Other vineyards: Le Gay, La Violette and Montviel in Pomerol, Bordeaux, France.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine, while produced in Argentina, comes with a French pedigree. Bodega Monteviejo is owned and operated by Chateau Le Gay in Pomerol, Bordeaux, France. Both wineries share the same winemakers, including the highly respected Michael Rolland.   Pomerol is a very small growing area next to Saint-Emilion and is considered one of the major fine wine regions in Bordeaux. Mendoza is, of course, the Malbec capital of the world and todays wine very effectively and deliciously uses Malbec as the base of an excellent Bordeaux style blend.  The 2009 Bodega Monteviejo Lindaflor Petite Fleur begins with a nicely aromatic bouquet featuring plum, blackberry, licorice and spice. The wine tastes serious, smooth and silky with dark jammy fruit, lots of lovely spice, notes of cedar and tobacco and good structure and acidity. It ends dry with slightly chewy tannins and good length. We found it to be just as good on day 2. Even at close to $20 this wine is a bargain.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130907"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Bodega Monteviejo Lindaflor Petite Fleur"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/bodega-monteviejo-lindaflor-petite-fleur.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
273,"  100% Black Grenache dessert wine from Banyuls, France.  SRP of $20 for a 500 ml bottle and available for as low as $17. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle:""We suggest pairing a food, flavor or spice a similar color to the wine. Here are some suggestions: chocolate strawberry blackberry raspberry ...and foie gras, blue cheese.  French dessert wine. 16.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the Banyuls vineyard in French Catalonia which is between the Pyrenees Mountains and the Mediterranean Sea. The wine is made in a similar style to Port - grapes are harvested overripe and the wine is fortified with a neutral grape spirit, but only the best wines from the best vintages are ""declared"" which represents at most 20% of the production in a given year.    The 2009 Les Clos de Paulilles Banyuls Rimage begins with nice aromas of dense blackberry, vanilla, plum, licorice and a little cinnamon. The wine tastes of sweet blackberry jam, caramel and vanilla and features a good silky texture plus a thick and rich mouthfeel. It ends with a nice burst of spice on the delicious and long finish which has lingering chocolate and blackberry notes. This one tastes similar to Port, but perhaps a little softer. Really just a delicious dessert wine that is simply decadent with a good dark chocolate dessert.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120504"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Les Clos de Paulilles Banyuls Rimage"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
274,"   Beautifully balanced and delicious. Plus I like the label.   75% Merlot and 25% Cabernet Sauvignon from Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Italy.  SRP of $24 and purchased for $17. Imported by MW Imports.   From the winery: ""The blending of varietals in Vertigo serves two purposes. Merlot, which has been traditionally used in Friulan viticulture, forms a link between Friuli and the rest of the world. Cabernet Sauvignon adds balance and complexity to the wine, giving Vertigo structure and aging potential.   Serving suggestions: Savoury pasta or rice dishes, grilled or stewed meat, beef, roast pork, lamb and goat, or moderately mature cheeses.  13% Alcohol""Despite the long-lasting stigma, were big fans of Merlot and especially Merlot from Italy which is just what we have today. Although if Im being completely honest, theres really only two reasons I bought this wine. 1) Its from Italy. 2) I liked the label. While its not a strategy I employ often, sometimes you get darn lucky...  The 2009 Livio Felluga Vertigo begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, violets, strawberry and a little anise. The wine tastes fantastic and features loads of jammy blackberry fruit but this is far from a one dimensional wine. Youll also find excellent spice plus secondary notes of cola and a little oak. To top it off all these delicious flavors are wrapped up in a silky smooth and lush texture. On the long, dry finish the spice comes to the forefront along with plenty more of that yummy juicy blackberry. Dizzyingly good!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140501"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Livio Felluga Vertigo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/livio-felluga-vertigo.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
275,"   Trader Joes delivers an A Plus Amarone for under $20!   Today we have a special guest post by Steve Kubota, a wine consumer with over two decades experience searching out great value in wine. Follow Steve on Twitter to get more of his great value picks!   Amarone della Valpolicella (Amarone) is the top designation for red wine produced in Valpolicella region of Veneto, Italy. Amarone represents 25% of the total production from Valpolicella and recently earned DOCG (Denominazione di origine controllata e Gaurantia; controlled designation or origin guaranteed) status in 2009.   The need for DOCG identification arose when the DOC designation was, in the view of many Italian food industries, given too liberally to different products. A new, more restrictive identification was then created, as similar as possible to the previous one so that buyers could still recognize it, but qualitatively different. A notable difference for wines is that DOCG labeled wines are analyzed and tasted by government–licensed personnel before being bottled. To prevent later manipulation, DOCG wine bottles then are sealed with a numbered governmental seal across the cap or cork.  [Source reference: Wikipedia]  Amarone is produced using a specific method not typical with the production of most dry red wines found around the world. Grapes are harvested and then dried on racks. This drying process concentrates the intensity of fruit and as a result lowers the amount of juice that is typically extracted but produces a rich, full-bodied dry red wine.    I have tried several sub US$40 Amarone over the past twenty years and thought this Trader Joe’s exclusive Amarone by Conte di Bregonzo to be a good one for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob to try. This Amarone is one novice and aficionados can appreciate. It is big, soft and round with loads of preserved and stewed fruit aromas and a generous dark fruit and cocoa in a lengthy finish.   The current vintage available nationwide is 2010 and varies in price. I purchased it in WA, CA and NYC $16.99, $18.99 and $17.99 respectably. This offering isn’t made for aging but meant to be consumed now and is best before 2018. I have had previous vintages of Conte and the wine did not improve enough to warrant long-term cellaring.  I suggest decanting the wine or gently pouring the wine into stemware with a large, open mouthed bowl and waiting 10-15 minutes. This will help unlock some hidden treasures and allow the consumer to enjoy the full benefits available.  Consistency is the key: I have enjoyed the last four vintages and feel Conte di Bregonzo has maintained a consistent base level with two really good vintages.  This is my first wine review for The Reverse Wine Snob.  It was an honor and pleasure to write a review for a blog that I have come to enjoy and respect.  -- Steve Kubota   This wine is available exclusively at Trader Joes.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131203"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Conte di Bregonzo Amarone Della Valpolicella"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/conte-di-bregonzo-amarone-della-valpolicella.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
276,"  82% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Syrah and 3% Merlot from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $17. Sample received courtesy Fuse Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Fuse (fyooz) verb To combine or blend into a whole.  Fusing the richness of 82% Cabernet Sauvignon, the earthiness of 15% Syrah and the lushness of 3% Merlot. Fuse wonderfully integrates three distinct varietals. It is a fusion of cooler climate hillside vineyards and warmer valley floor vineyards, planted to a variety of clones having different texture and tannin components, creating the perfect blend. Ignite your palate with an explosion of dark, rich flavors and beautiful spice!  13.8% Alcohol""Seeing Napa Valley on the label doesnt guarantee a good wine, but there is a simple reason that Napa Valley wines are more expensive -- the yield of grapes per acre. As weve touched on before, generally the lower the yield of grapes per acre, the better for winemaking (to a point anyway).   Why is a lower yield better? Simply because with less fruit on each vine the plants are essentially able to put more nutrients into fewer grapes thus improving the quality. Kind of like if youre trying to grow a giant pumpkin to compete in the county fair...you dont want a whole bunch of pumpkins growing on the vine because they will all compete for resources, so you pick the best one and prune off all the others so that all of the plants energy is concentrated on that one pumpkin. (Hey, today is Halloween, I had to get a pumpkin reference in somehow!) So what does all this mean for how todays wine tastes? Lets find out...  The 2010 Fuse Wine Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins wonderfully with delicious aromas of blueberry, blackberry, vanilla and even a few mineral notes. The bouquet sucks you right in and those fantastic flavors continue when tasting. You also get a nice silky texture in this medium-bodied wine. It finishes dry with good tannins and just a bit of oak. We found it to be even better on day 2 so my guess is that this one will age nicely over the next few years. All the benefits of Napa Valley without the cost!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121031"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Fuse Wine Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/fuse-wine-napa-valley-cabernet.html"" };    Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
277," Find all our Wine Club Reviews here.    Barolo for under $40? Nebbiolo dAlba for well under $20? Too good to be true?   Giordano Wines is one of Italys largest wineries, making wine from most of the regions in the country. All in all they produce over 2,000,000 cases per year. The company is unique in that they have used a direct to consumer model throughout Europe, selling directly to their customers and cutting out the middleman.  Giordano is now bringing that model to the U.S., where it is allowed -- dont get me started on the inane shipping laws and ridiculous three-tier system in our country, again cutting out the middleman and selling direct to the consumer which in theory means lower prices for you. This is something we can no doubt support here at The Reverse Wine Snob.   Currently Giordano Wines ships to FL, NJ, VA, TX, CA, IL, MN, NV, DC, ID, LA, MO, NE, NH, NV, OR, SC, TN, WI and WY and are actively adding more states. They also have a pretty compelling wine club offer called The Italian Wine Club if youre lucky enough to be in one of those states: 7 wines for just $39.90 plus shipping (plus an extra $5 off with code WP2014USA5 through 10/31/2014), including a bottle of the excellent Nebbiolo reviewed below (if you choose the all red collection), a free wooden wine box with many accessories and tasting notes and a binder. Of course this all sounds great but in reality it really hinges on the quality of the wine. Lets check out the three wines they sent me (of the 30 or so they offer) and see how they do!   First up is the 2012 Giordano Puglia Sangiovese ""Apuliae Collection"", a 100% Sangiovese from Apulia, Italy with an SRP of $9.49. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle:  ""This wine comes only from the Sangiovese grapes, which found in Puglia a favorable ground and climate to enhance their characteristics. The scrupulous process of wine-making at the Giordano cellars of Torricella led to this intense red wine, with strong notes of  violet and a dry, harmonious taste. Enjoy this wine throughout the meal and particularly with salami, first dishes and white meat. Serve at 18-20C.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Giordano Puglia Sangiovese ""Apuliae Collection"" begins with a nice aroma of red berry fruit and spice. Tasting this medium-bodied, pleasant, straightforward wine reveals simple, rich red berry fruit and soft tannins. It ends dry with the fruit lingering in the mouth for a good time. A nice Sangiovese for the price that would pair well with pasta. It also held up great on day two.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2010 Giordano Nebbiolo dAlba Maestri Italiani, a 100% Nebbiolo from Langhe, Italy with an SRP of $16.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""I carefully followed this wine, from the grapes to the wood ageing and bottling at last. Colour: soft, ruby red. Bouquet: intense and persistent reminding ripe fruit hints and vanilla notes. Taste: clear, well balanced, harmonious, of great character. Food matchings: preferably with tasty courses, game, red meat and ripe cheeses. Open 2 hours before drinking and serve at 20C. - Andrea Morra, Enologo.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Giordano Nebbiolo dAlba Maestri Italiani opens up into a nicely aromatic nose of black cherry and other ripe, dark fruit, dried herbs and spice with a little time in the glass. The wine tastes very nice, with sweet, concentrated fruit and lots of spice. The flavors include black cherry again, blackberry, cola and a little licorice that comes out on the finish, which also features firm dry tannins and good length.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy  Lastly, we have the wine geeks delight - Barolo. The 2007 Giordano Barolo is 100% Nebbiolo from Piedmont, Italy and has an SRP of $38.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Nebbiolo grapes grown on the Piemonte hills, in the Barolo wine district, give this distinctive Docg wine. According to tradition, it ages patiently in oak casks, for at least 36 months. Garnet red, complex, bouquet, medium bodied, elegant tannins, with a long bitter cherry finish. Serve at 18-20C with meat stews, roasted meat, game, matured cheese.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2007 Giordano Barolo begins with a very nice aroma of dark fruit and spice along with a little vanilla. The wine tastes of rich red and black fruit with loads of spice that lasts all the way to the finish. This is a very drinkable wine, that while perhaps not super complex (for Barolo), is really delicious. It ends with more spice and fruit on the finish that continues for a long time. Not bad for a sub $40 Barolo!  Saturday Splurge  I cant speak for the other 25+ wines they offer, but these three were all quite good! If youre a fan of Italian wine youll probably want to check out their Italian Wine Club offer: 7 wines for just $39.90 plus shipping (plus an extra $5 off with code WP2014USA5 through 10/31/2014), including a bottle of the excellent Nebbiolo reviewed above (if you choose the all red collection), a free wooden wine box with many accessories, tasting notes and a nice binder in which to keep those notes.  This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
278,"   A Fab Cab.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The label depicts a piece of silver jewelry previously used as an adornment by the Mapuches, who are indigenous Chileans.  This wine is made from Cabernet Sauvignon grapes grown between the Chimbarongo Creek and the Tinguiririca River on the Maquis Estate in central Colchagua Valley.  The two-meter-deep alluvial soil contains 25% clay, which produces Cabernet Sauvignon that is ripe and elegant and has extraordinary complexity.  The grapes were picked during the last week in March due to a long, dry summer with temperatures almost 3C higher than average, allowing for an earlier harvest. The grapes show good concentration and black fruit aromas.  13.5% Alcohol""Here in Minnesota weve been listening for years to the tagline of Second Wind exercise equipment, as stated by their owner Dick Enrico, ""Why buy new when slightly used will do?"" Theres even a bobblehead doll of Mr. Enrico stating the tagline in multiple languages. (Trust me, I should know...I ""won"" it in the office white elephant gift pool a few years ago.) The implication of course being that most exercise equipment is never actually used by the original purchaser so you are able to pick up like new equipment at big discounts -- basically getting the same quality for less. I couldnt help thinking of this tagline when tasting todays wine from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  Were big fans of Chilean wine here at The Reverse Wine Snob, previously covering many different Carmenere as well as a series on Coastal Whites. One area where weve been lacking; however, is Cabernet which might be Chiles strength. Over the next few weeks well try to fill in that gap with a few of our favorites, starting with todays wine.  The 2010 Vina Maquis Cabernet Sauvignon begins with big, deep, thick aromas of black currant, plum, blackberry, lots of cola and a little cedar. Its a very enticing bouquet. The wine tastes big and dry with tart blackberry, more cola and a really nice, almost chewy, mouthfeel. Like many wines, this one needs some time to open up -- its a bit oaky after popping and pouring, but some time in the glass does wonders. Interesting iron-like mineral notes reveal themselves on the long finish and add another layer of complexity. Delicious!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130501"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Maquis Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/maquis-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
279,"   Stock up on this wine plus anything else Marketview sells with this great deal for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob.   Pinot Noir from Arroyo Seco, Monterey, California.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $17 at Marketview Liquor. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Reliz Creek runs through the Wentes family estate vineyards in the Arroyo Seco region of Monterey. This sustainably grown Pinot Noir has subtle cherry, earth, and vanilla flavors due to the long, cool growing season and gravelly soils of the Arroyo Seco region. Wente Vineyards, family owned and operated since 1883, is now in its fifth generation of producing extraordinary estate grown wines.  14.5% Alcohol""The holidays are coming, which means you need some wine -- whether you need it for sharing or for surviving all those family get-togethers, one of our favorite sponsors, Marketview Liquor, is here to help you out with this amazing deal:      Reverse Wine Snob readers get free shipping on all orders with code ""jon14"".  This means you can not only get wine like todays Pinot Noir but also great selections like these recent"
280,"   A ripe and rich cure for our endless winter.   95% Shiraz and 5% Viognier from Langhorne Creek, Australia.  SRP of $24 and available for as low as $17. 1,800 cases produced. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Zontes Footstep Lake Doctor Shiraz for just $16.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order.  From the bottle: ""The Zontes Footstep Lake Doctor Vineyard is on the shores of Lake Alexandrina where, each summer afternoon, the house cooling breeze of our Lake Doctor arrives and revives vines and vignerons alike. We have released this blend from the Lake Doctor Vineyard each vintage since 2003.  Zontes Footstep is named after a 19th century Zante currant vineyard as new pairings follow the original footstep. The currant business dried up, but Zontes Footstep became our blueprint...  In 2003 a group of mates pooled old white utes and new-ish tractors to grow the best grapes from the best vineyards. All we want to do is taste our fruit in our wine, so we charged our reigning winemaker, Mr. Ben Riggs, with one goal; to make wine true to vineyard so long as it is bloody good drink!  The Lake Doctor vineyard is on a 40 million year old alluvial plain, nestled between two rivers adjacent to Lake Alexandrina, upstream from the River Murrays sea mouth. It is an oasis in a cool desert with vines planted on their own roots, in maritime red sands that sit over pre-Cambrian Limestone and is ideal for growing grapes.  The truth is out there in the vineyard, but the proof is in this bottle.  14.0% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob weve been on quite a Shiraz kick lately (see here, here and here). Maybe its the horrendous winter weve been having, or maybe its just the comfort of revisiting the many expressions of our favorite varietal, but whatever the reason were enjoying this mini-Syrah/Shiraz binge immensely. As much as we like to try new things its still always nice to be able to focus for a bit on what we love. And today we have a classic Shiraz/Viognier blend that really hits us right.  The 2010 Zontes Footstep Lake Doctor Shiraz begins with very pleasant aromas of blackberry, violets, a little vanilla and a hint of mocha. Tasting reveals really ripe and rich blackberry and blueberry fruit, a nice touch of sweetness from the Viognier, elegant touches of vanilla and a smooth, lush texture featuring fine tannins. It ends with good length, more rich fruit and some light bitter dark chocolate notes. If you need a cure for this endless winter this wine is just what the doctor ordered!  Get the Zontes Footstep Lake Doctor Shiraz for just $16.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order at CorkExclusive! Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140225"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Zontes Footstep Lake Doctor Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/zontes-footstep-lake-doctor-shiraz.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Zontes Footstep Lake Doctor Shiraz for just $16.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+ to great more great content like this: (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
281,"   More value packed Sangiovese under $20!   100% Sangiovese from Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $23 and available for as low as $17 and at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our pioneering research uncovered a few clones from several hundred that are ideal in producing an elegant Rosso di Montalcino. These clones were registered and shared with all producers, helping raise Rosso di Montalcino to worldwide fame. Aged a minimum of 6 months in barriques, our wine is complex with hints of cherry, licorice and cedar with a velvety finish.  14.0% Alcohol""Today we continue on with the value priced Sangiovese theme that was started in last weeks guest post -- Brunello Bobs Sangiovese Values. (If you missed it, Id encourage you to go back and read that one for 10 excellent picks under $20.) The wine we are featuring today comes from one of our go-to producers for Italian wine, Banfi. Weve enjoyed many of their wines in the past ranging from as little as $8, all the way up to $20 and have yet to be disappointed. You can check out a few of those here: Banfi Chianti Classico Riserva 2009 - The Real Thing.  Castello Banfi Belnero 2009 - A Budget Quasi-Brunello (Costco Week 2013).  Banfi Col Di Sasso Toscana 2010 - $8 Italian Reds.  Banfi Chianti Superiore 2010 - One Terrific Tuscan.   The 2011 Castello Banfi Rosso di Montalcino begins with a beautiful aroma of plum, blueberry, black cherry, a little vanilla, spice and violets. Tasting the wine reveals tart black cherry and other red berries, elegant dried herbs and nice spice wrapped up in a smooth, soft and luscious texture. Dry, dusty tannins leads into the long finish. Excellent stuff!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131220"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Castello Banfi Rosso di Montalcino"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/castello-banfi-rosso-di-montalcino.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
282,"   A powerful wine made from a powerful grape.   100% Tannat from Tolombon, Cafayate Valley, Salta, Argentina.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Ancient Argentine lore tells the story of a mystical elf named Coquena who lives in the high mountains of Salta province and protects the vicuñes, animals native to the Andes that are prized for their wool. The locals will tell you that Coquena is all-seeing – he travels at night fiercely protecting his animals against anyone who sets out to do them harm. High up in these same mountains, in the town of Tolombón, sits a vineyard at 5,576 feet above sea level where the grapes for Coquena wine come from. The vines from this farm consistently produce such lush, well-balanced wines that the Etchart family believes the Coquena’s day job is to keep an eye on the vines that bear his name. Coquena wines are produced by Arnaldo, Marcos and Pablo Etchart, the sons of Arnaldo B. Etchart, one of the great wine pioneers of Salta Province. They believe that great wine comes from great grapes, and give special care to their low-yielding vineyards to create unique, truly pleasurable wines.  14.3% Alcohol""Tannat is a bit of a study in contrasts. An old grape variety in France where it is typically used as a blending component, yet an up and coming grape variety in South America that I expect you will be hearing much more about in the next couple years. Youll certainly hear about it here in the next few weeks as we delve into several from Uruguay where it is considered their signature variety.  So far; however, the Tannat weve sampled has played a supporting role -- at most hitting 30% of the blend. That wine was the recently reviewed Hermanos Malbec/Tannat blend, also from Argentina.  Today we go all out, as in 100% Tannat. As the headline suggests this big, powerful wine is not for everybody, but if youre up to it you may just find a whole lot to love...  The 2011 Coquena Tannat begins with aromas of dark fruits (blackberry, black cherry and black currant) along with dried herbs and a hint of coffee. Tasting the wine reveals that despite its obvious power, it has the balance to pull it off remarkably well. The fruit, while a bit constrained at first, really opens up with some air, the oak is nicely integrated and the wine has good acidity. The coffee notes from the nose come back after the fruit and carry the wine into the long, grippy finish featuring mouth drying tannins. I love this big, powerful beauty but its not for the faint of heart!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130718"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Coquena Tannat"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/coquena-tannat.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
283,"   Crazy good wine at a crazy good price thanks to Marketview Liquor.  100% Pinot Noir from Sonoma Coast, California.  SRP of $25 and available for the super low price of $17 plus free shipping on 6+ bottles at Marketview Liquor! Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Cool climate vineyards. Artisan winemaking. Classic Pinot Noir.  13.9% Alcohol""Our mission to find great wine under $20 is not just about the wine itself, but also finding the best places to buy that wine at the lowest prices. After all the lower the prices, the more wine will fall under our $20 price limit. As such weve been endeavoring to not just bring you great wine as of late, but also great deals. Today weve got another one from one of our favorite advertisers Marketview Liquor, but youll have to act fast!   Today through 8:59am EST on Monday 4/14, you can get the La Crema Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir as well as the La Crema Sonoma Coast Chardonnay for the super low price of just $17 and $15 respectively. Marketview is offering both wines as their ""deal of the day"" weekend special which also includes free shipping on orders of 6 or more bottles! Click HERE to buy these wines!  The 2012 La Crema Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir begins with very pleasant aromas of red and black cherry, cola, roasted coffee and vanilla. The wine tastes wonderfully smooth, balanced and is full of flavors of black cherry cola, strawberry, a little earth and oak. This is a super easy and fun to drink wine. A nice streak of spice, licorice and even a little citrus zest lead into the dry, very long finish. Excellent!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140411"",  ""title"" : ""2012 La Crema Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/la-crema-sonoma-coast-pinot-noir.html"" };       This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
284,"   A fitting tribute to a California pioneer.   76% Cabernet Sauvignon, 9% Petit Verdot, 9% Petite Sirah, 3% Malbec, 2% Cabernet Franc and 1% Merlot from Livermore Valley, California.  This post brought to you by:    Find the Freeze Wine Glasses at Wine Dweller. Just pop in the freezer, pour and enjoy perfectly chilled wine!  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""For five generations, our family has been dedicated to the art of winemaking and to the philosophy that the quality of a wine originates in the vineyard. Our estate-grown Charles Wetmore Cabernet Sauvignon is named after Californias first agricultural commissioner renowned for planting vine cuttings from many of Bordeauxs top Chateaux in the temperate Livermore Valley in the 1880s. This wine has rich, lush flavors of cherry, chocolate and oak with an enjoyable long finish.   13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Wente Vineyards Charles Wetmore Cabernet Sauvignon spends 14 months in oak barrels and it shows wonderfully in the very pleasant and complex aromas of black cherry, oak, vanilla, chocolate, a little green olive and baking spice. The wine tastes really delicious with an excellent smooth texture and succulent flavors of blackberry, plum, black cherry and cola. Oak, more dark fruit and lots of lovely vanilla and baking spice notes linger for a very long time on the long finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140902"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Wente Vineyards Charles Wetmore Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/wente-vineyards-charles-wetmore-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
285,"   Oregon is not just about Pinot Noir anymore (but the Pinot Noir still rocks).   A couple weeks back I was fortunate enough to be invited to an Oregon Wine dinner in New York City by Snooth as part of a sponsored media trip in connection with their First Annual Peoples Voice Awards. It was an incredible weekend of seminars and tastings covering the globe, but one of the very first events focused on Oregon.   Living in the Midwest, I have to admit that I had pigeonholed Oregon a bit. However, sitting down to a tasting of 13 different wines, I realized that the breadth of wine being produced here is almost startling. Everything from Vermentino to Pinot Gris to Albarino to Chardonnay to Syrah to Tempranillo to Riesling and many more. In other words, much, much more than Pinot Noir.  One of the wineries leading this charge into other varietals is Abacela and we were fortunate to have owner Earl Jones with us at the dinner to talk about their wines. Having previously reviewed their excellent Tempranillo (Abacela Estate Tempranillo 2007 - A Myriad of Multi-Dimensional Flavors) I correctly deduced that we were in for a treat.   Abacelas dream has been to produce world-class wine from Spanish and Portuguese grape varieties in Southern Oregon. Keeping in line with this this, we sampled their excellent Albarino at the dinner. The next night at the Peoples Voice Awards tasting Earl also poured their Reserve Tempranillo (which was absolutely sublime), the 2005 Paramour Tempranillo blend (basically an Oregon Gran Reserva), as well as a Port (Port from Oregon!) that was delicous.   Abacela has accomplished all this through a combination of science and experimentation. Earl and his son Greg, who is an extremely accomplished climatologist, studied areas all over the West Coast to find the perfect spot to grow Tempranillo. After settling on the Umpqua Valley in Southern Oregon, they began a phase of experimentation with all kinds of varieties, locations within the vineyard, etc. to get just the right combinations. Judging by the wines we tasted, they definitely succeeded.   Of course, you cant have an Oregon wine dinner without also drinking some darn good Pinot Noir, and we were lucky enough to have two Willamette (which by the way is pronounced Will-AM-it, not Will-a-met!) Valley wine producers with us -- Jim Bernau of Willamette Valley Vineyards and Brian ODonnell of Belle Pente. Aside from their excellent wine, Jim and Brian (and Earl as well) are three of just about the nicest people youll ever meet. The stories they told that evening about being pioneers in Oregon winemaking were a highlight of the entire trip! I wholeheartedly encourage you to stop by their wineries if you find yourself in Oregon.  And while all of the Pinot Noir we sampled at this tasting was over $20, you really dont have to spend that much to get delicious and authentic Pinot Noir from Oregon. A perfect example is another wine from Willamette Valley Vineyards that we didnt sample that night, the just released 2012 Willamette Valley Vineyard Whole Cluster Pinot Noir (pictured at the top of the post), which in and of itself is quite a unique wine.   For this wine the whole Pinot Noir clusters are fermented intact, which essentially means the initial fermentation happens inside each grape. The goal is ""to capture pure, fresh-picked Pinot Noir flavors"". Mission accomplished? Lets find out.  100% Pinot Noir from Willamette Valley, Oregon with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This whole cluster Pinot Noir was fermented from uncrushed Pinot Noir grape clusters. This technique retains the fresh fruit quality of the varietal and creates a wine which is delicious and accessible upon its release. This wine is an excellent companion with barbecued meats and vegetables, grilled fish, pizza, sushi and spicy Asian Cuisine.  These vines were tended by hand and cluster-thinned to increase flavor and intensity. All of our vineyards are certified sustainable - LIVE (Low Input Viticulture and Enology) and Salmon Safe.  Pinot Noir, a think-skinned winegrape, develops a natural defense against botrytis (mold) in our moist, cool climate - the antioxidant resveratrol.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Willamette Valley Vineyard Whole Cluster Pinot Noir begins with delightful aromas of wild strawberries and raspberries, spice, earth and a few white pepper and floral notes. This light to medium-bodied wine tastes delicious with very light tannins and good acidity. The flavors are similar to the nose, but nice and juicy in the mouth and there is a bit of added cola as well. A smooth and super easy to drink wine that has a lot of character -- this isnt a wine you casually sip and then forget about, the memory of it sticks with you! The whole thing might even be a little bit better day 2. Ive seen this wine compared in style to Beaujolais, but personally Id take this over Beaujolais any day.  Also keep your eye out for the Smoooooooth Willamette Valley Vineyard Barrel Select Pinot Noir at Costco, which generally retails for just under $20. This is a special wine only sold at Costco, and as one of the first wines I reviewed on this site it had a hand in convincing me that there truly was plenty of delicious wine (and even Pinot Noir) under $20!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130411"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Willamette Valley Vineyard Whole Cluster Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/oregon-wine-willamette-valley-vineyard-pinot-noir.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Also check out my other articles to date in the Snooth PVA Wine Writers Seminars series: Reveling in the Wine of Ribera Del Duero Plus 3 Top Value Picks From This Region  Excellent Italian Whites - Exploring the White Wines of Italy Including Two"
286,"   The 2012 Estate Crush, 2013 Turley, 2011 Onesta and 2011 Michael David Winery Ancient Vines Cinsault.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Tenuta Di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   All four wines are 100% organically grown Cinsault from Bechthold Vineyard, Lodi, California.  Cinsault (pronounced sin-SO in the U.S. and san-SO in France) is most commonly used as a blending component in red wines or at times as a rosé. What most may not know is that this variety more than stands on its own as a single varietal red wine and actually offers a perfect complement to your Thanksgiving feast flavors.  However Im not talking about just any Cinsault here, what you want is Cinsault from the 25 acre Bechthold Vineyard in Lodi, California which, believe it or not, is one of the oldest Cinsault vineyards in the world. You read that right -- despite this variety being grown for several centuries in southern France the Bechthold Vineyard planted in 1886 may just be the oldest in the world.  And as it turns out this gem of a vineyard was almost never recognized for what it was and subsequently nearly lost forever. Just over 10 short years ago the vineyard sat in disregard and in danger of being ripped up because the grapes, then thought to be a variety called Malvoisie, were selling for such a low price that it almost didnt make sense to pick them. Through a fortuitous turns of events (which you can read about at The Wines of Lodi blog) the vineyard was preserved and is now thriving. A number of different labels produce wine from the Bechtold Vineyard so today weve got excellent picks from four of them -- two under $20 and two Saturday Splurges.    First up is the 2013 Michael David Winery Ancient Vine Cinsault which has an SRP of $25 and is available for as low as $19.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Planted by Joseph Spenker in 1885, our Cinsault comes from Lodis oldest producing vineyard and one of the worlds oldest Cinsault plantings. Now farmed by Michaels son, Kevin Phillips, this vineyard is head trained and dry farmed just how it was when planted 130 years ago.  14.5% Alcohol""One of our favorite Cinsault wines from Bechthold Vineyard (and also one of the cheapest) is the 2013 Michael David Winery Ancient Vine Cinsault. This wine opens with lovely, lovely, lovely aromas of cranberry, baking spice, mint, red licorice, black cherry and lots of floral notes. Tasting shows an excellent subtle complexity with juicy fruit, minerals, spice and dried herbs all combining seamlessly in this light to medium-bodied wine. It ends very long and lingering. And just like the others we are featuring today, this is a fabulous wine for Pinot Noir lovers.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Second is the 2013 Turley Cinsault which has an SRP of $17 and is available at that price. 1,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Planted in 1886, this Cinsault vineyard is the oldest of its kind in the country—perhaps even beyond. The vines are gnarly, head-trained and planted on their own roots. The wine is light-bodied, tart, perfumed, and extremely well balanced.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 Turley Cinsault begins with very nice, very complex aromas of crushed flowers, strawberry, cranberry, red cherry, red licorice and a little spice. Tasting the light to medium-bodied wine reveals lots of cranberry, lightly candied red cherry and even some pomegranate. The wine also turns quite tart when tasting and is lightly spicy. It ends long with lots of lingering tart sweet fruit.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Third is the 2012 Estate Crush Cinsault which has an SRP of $26 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Only 100 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Estate Crush wines showcase our custom, handcrafted small lot production capabilities. From every barrel, bottle and glass of wine, Estate Crush is dedicated to creating wines that release the full potential of the fruit on the vine. We hope you enjoy drinking this wine as much as our team enjoyed creating it. Cheers!  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Estate Crush Cinsault begins with an excellent aroma of strawberry, red cherry, roses, a little mint and other spice plus hints of rhubarb and cranberry. The wine tastes really lovely and quite complex with strawberry, red cherry, pomegranate and cranberry mixed with fantastic spice notes. Those hints of rhubarb and mint from the nose carry over as well. It ends very, very long and delicious with lots of lingering spice.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Last, but not least is the 2011 Onesta Cinsault which has an SRP of $29 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Only 370 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""truth, honesty, virtue  Onesta Cinsault captures the truth of each vintage, uniting the vines, the land, Mother Nature, and maturation. The dry farmed 130 year old Bechthold Vineyard Cinsault produces a wine with deep notes of rhubarb and cherry, a hint of spice and a rich vibrant glow. Enjoy with your good friends now or over the next 3 years.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Onesta Cinsault begins with a very pleasant and complex aroma of strawberry, black cherry, red licorice, spice, rhubarb and a hint of mint. Tasting reveals similar fruit flavors to the nose with a bit of cranberry as well. The wine is also quite juicy when tasting and features very well integrated spice. That hint of rhubarb from the nose comes out mid-palate and carries all the way through the very long, dry finish which also features some excellent mineral notes and more oaky spice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
287,"  60% Tempranillo and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon from Navarra, Spain.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy 90+ Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Story: Our second Spanish red is a blend, 60% Tempranillo and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon, the best of both worlds. This wine comes from Navarra, an ancient wine region located in Northern Spain. Here, long, hot summer days and cool nights, create the ideal climate for ripening grapes. After blending, the wine spends 12 months in 20% new French oak. Enjoy this wine for the next 4-5 years.  Taste: Deep cherry in color with aromas of black currant, tobacco, and violets. In the mouth this wine is full bodied and intense. Complex fruit notes combined with oak spice create a delightful and persistent wine. Pair with tapas, pork, grilled or roasted entrees.  14.0% Alcohol""This is the first of several wines we will be tasting from Ninety Plus Cellars. If youre not familiar with their business model, it is similar to Cameron Hughes. Basically, they go to wineries with a history of producing quality wines (usually those rated 90 points or higher) and buy their oversupply. They then put their label on it and sell it for a fraction of the price, all the while never disclosing the original producer. Im not entirely sure what happens to this business model if the economy revs up, but for now Im just enjoying it. You can buy 90+ Cellars wine directly through their website or at some retail locations.  Todays wine also comes from Navarra, Spain, a wonderful wine region that you may remember from our Wines of Navarra series. 90+ Cellars says the ""source price"" (the SRP of the original label) is $19.99. So far things are looking good, but lets see how it tastes.  The 2007 Ninety+ Cellars Lot 35 Tempranillo Cabernet Sauvignon Crianza begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry, spice and everything nice. Theres also a good perfumed floral component of lavender and violet. Tasting the wine shows good tannins, good fruit and nice complexity and to top it off theres lots of spice on the long finish. Quite good!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120323"",  ""title"" : ""2007 90+ Cellars Lot 35 Tempranillo Cabernet Sauvignon Crianza"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
288,"   2007 for this price? We love it.   Riesling from Mosel, Germany.  SRP of $26 and available for as low as $12 but more commonly around $20. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Winesellers Ltd.  From the bottle: ""Alte Reben (old vines) feinherb (dry-style) Estate Bottled  11.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the cool climate of Mosel in Germany, probably the best known of all Germanys wine regions. Many of the vineyards planted in this area are on steep slopes surrounding the Mosel River. The heat retaining slate soils and the influence of the river (among other factors) help to create an area renown for its age-worthy Riesling. And while many older vintage Rieslings go way above our upper price limit, today weve got a 2007 squarely in our sweet spot at only $12.  The 2007 Weingut Karp-Schreiber Alte Reben Riesling Spatlese Feinherb  begins with a really lovely aroma full of apricot, peach, pear and spicy apple. Tasting reveals more of the same with tons of great, deep fruit flavors like apricot and tart citrus along with nice honey sweetness and crisp acidity. Theres also a wonderful full and smooth mouthfeel. Those honeyed fruit notes turn very tart on the long finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here or find the $12 price here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140917"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Karp-Schreiber Alte Reben Riesling Spatlese Feinherb"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/karp-schreiber-alte-reben-riesling-spatlese.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
289,"  A blend of Garnacha and Graciano. SRP of $13, but should be available for $12.   Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our grapes of Garnacha and Graciano combine as a symbol of character and warmth from the Mediterranean environment. The combination of these varieties at optimum ripeness and the short ageing in American oak barrels, make possible to enjoy a plentiful wine full of aromatic sensations and a very fine tannic expression in the mouth. 15% Alcohol""The 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR has pleasing aromas of blackberry, ripe fruit, and a little cinnamon spice. The predominant flavors when tasting are fruity and sweet with black cherry cola notes. This wine has a silky mouthfeel and good balance. It has a nice long finish and velvety smooth tannins. We found this wine to at its best on the first day. The texture and flavor of this wine bring to mind one of my favorite treats, gelato. Give it a try and let me know what you think!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110726"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
290,"   A great wine to pair with aged cheese.   Predominately Garnacha from Priorat, Spain.  Regularly priced at $14 and occasionally sale priced at $11. Available exclusively at Whole Foods Market. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""H&G wines are hand-picked small lots of wine sourced from around the world. Like all good things though, these rare finds wont last forever. Our limited release wines are only here while they last and then theyre gone, to be enjoyed by those who take advantage of the opportunity.  The Priorat region of Spain boasts a unique soil composition of Black Slate and Quartz partnered with a dramatic, continental climate. Bold in both structure and flavor, this region produces a wine rich in character with complexity and depth. In this limited release, aromatics of earth and concentrated red fruit open to flavors of jammy blackberry and robust spice. The perfect pairing for grilled hanger steak topped with a spicy chimichurri sauce.  14.2% Alcohol""The 2008 H&G Priorat Red begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry, lots of spearmint and cedar. Tasting this medium to full-bodied wine reveals dark, juicy fruit, licorice and oak wrapped up in a delicious, lush texture. It ends dry with more dark fruit that turns into lingering dark chocolate and mineral notes. A great wine to pair with aged cheese.  Also be sure to check out a few of our other recent Whole Foods finds: Skouras Anassa 2012 - A Moschofilero For The Masses Roger dAnoia Cava Brut - More Budget Bubbly Santa Julia Innovacion Bonarda-Cabernet Sauvignon 2013 - Gets The Party Started  Available exclusively at Whole Foods Market.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140325"",  ""title"" : ""2008 H&G Priorat Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/hg-priorat-red.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
291,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Sonoma County, California. SRP of $17 but available for $11.99 at Costco.  Sample received courtesy Rodney Strong Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our 2008 Sonoma County cabernet sauvignon has vibrant aromas of cherry and black olive, along with rich fruit and lingering spicy oak flavors. Its grown in the rugged, rocky hills and valleys of the warmest regions in Sonoma County where rich and distinct cabernet sauvignon thrives.  Rodney Strong Vineyards is deeply committed to being Green. We are the first carbon neutral winery in Sonoma County, we practice sustainable and fish friendly farming and use solar power to produce our wine. To learn more, please visit rodneystrong.com/green.  Place matters. Sonoma County, California  13.5% Alcohol""Tasting as many different wines as I do, I often find myself disappointed with wines that have garnered lofty reputations. Many of the over-hyped wines just dont live up to expectations. Rodney Strong vineyards has quite a reputation and even though I liked their Chalk Hill Chardonnay I was a little concerned this Cabernet wouldnt live up to the acclaim. Turns out I had little reason to worry.  The 2008 Rodney Strong Sonoma County Cabernet Sauvignon begins with nice strong aromas of plum, vanilla, cedar, and black cherry. The wine has a rich taste and a full texture. Its dark fruit flavors are balanced well with spice, vanilla, and oak. The dry finish features prominent but soft tannins and the dark fruit flavors linger enticing another drink. Just a really solid Cabernet Sauvignon that I would be quite happy to drink on a regular basis.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110924"",  ""title"" : ""Rodney Strong Sonoma County Cabernet Sauvignon 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
292,"  Zinfandel from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Ottimino for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""While Ottimino produces single-vineyard Zinfandels from the finest vineyards in Sonoma County, the infinite possibilities achievable through blending proved irresistible! The result is Zinfinity, a blend of our best vineyards aged in French oak for twenty months to create a wine of great elegance, richness and individuality. Onward to Zinfinity!  13.9% Alcohol""Ottimino is a California winery that specialize in Zinfandel, in fact its the only variety of wine they produce. Its actually quite rare these days that a winery only produces one variety, but its also refreshing when you find someone focused in on doing one thing really well.   The 2008 Zinfinity Sonoma County Zinfandel begins with smooth and creamy notes of plum, vanilla and spice. The wine tastes silky smooth with rich mixed berry flavors, plus a little vanilla and spice. A little more spice and black pepper kick in on the dry finish and then your left with some slightly nutty and mocha notes that last a long time. To Zinfinity and beyond! (Sorry couldnt help another Toy Story reference, but I have young kids so thats what happens!)  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120313"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Zinfinity Sonoma County Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
293,"   Pairs well with anything from Italy.   90% Sangiovese and 10% Colorino from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $13 and available widely for $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Produced in the high hills of the historic Chianti Classico zone, Cecchi Chianti Classico has an intense bouquet of violets and iris. Its reddish purple color turns to a rich garnet red with age. Dry with ripe-fruit flavors when young, Cecchi Chianti Classico matures into a wine of velvety warm delicacy. Served at room temperature, Chianti Classico is a perfect match for hearty fare, from pasta dishes to roasted meats.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Cecchi Chianti Classico needs a bit of air to open up, but once it does it presents with a very pleasant aroma of violets, blackberries, and red berry fruits. The wine tastes delicious with those signature Sangiovese sour fruit flavors and a bit of a rustic quality to it, yet it still comes across as extremely smooth. The savory fruit flavors lead into a long, dry finish. This wine should be fairly food flexible and is really just classically charming Chianti that youll want to keep on hand to pair with any of your Italian favorites including pizza.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130620"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Cecchi Chianti Classico"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/cecchi-chianti-classico-2009.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
294,"  100% Pinot Noir from Marlborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $11 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Partied up or chilled out, the 2009s smooth character accompanies food and get-togethers perfectly.  The fruit for this wine is sourced from two of Marlboroughs idyllic wine growing locations, the Awatere and Wairau Valleys. We blend grapes from each of these valleys to bring out complimentary aromas and flavours.  Those who like mellow, cherry flavours will enjoy the undertones of berry fruits and appreciate its easygoing nature.  13.5% Alcohol""This is our second Pinot Noir from New Zealand after covering the Stoneleigh Pinot Noir earlier in this series. New Zealand is definitely a dynamic and growing area for this grape; in fact, I even saw one statistic recently that had the total acreage of Pinot Noir in New Zealand slightly ahead of the total Pinot Noir acreage in Oregon. Of course the number of acres doesnt necessarily have much to do with the quality of the wine so lets see how this one measures up.  The 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir begins with aromas of bright cherry and raspberry with a few herbal notes and a little spice. The wine tastes of juicy red and black cherry and has a nice layer of spice that carries all the way through to the finish. Theres also some juicy fruit on the finish that lasts for quite awhile. This is a really nice, easy sipper and a great wine to pull out at your next party to introduce your friends to New Zealand Pinot Noir.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120110"",  ""title"" : ""Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir "
295,"   Simmering with succulent smoked meat.  100% Syrah from Stellenbosch, South Africa.   Fine wine or try some quality small batch bourbon instead. SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""DMZ wines are produced by DeMorgenzon winery which is situated in the upper reaches of the Stellenboschkloof in Stellenbosch, South Africa. Terraced hillside vineyards and exquisite gardens are complemented by beautiful vistas of rugged mountains and sweeping views of both the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. With over 350 years of winemaking heritage, South Africa continues to produce excellent wines that combine elegance and charm with opulence and accessibility.  All DMZ wines are made from select parcels of grapes from special vineyards and carefully vinified to express the purity and integrity of the particular cultivar.  14.5% Alcohol""DMZ is value label of DeMorgenzon, a vineyard that takes it winemaking very seriously. So seriously that they actually play Baroque music in the vineyards 24x7 not for the workers enjoyment, but because they believe it helps the grapes ripen. While I am not qualified to comment on whether or not this works, I can comment on how this wine tastes, and its pretty good!  The 2009 DeMorgenzon DMZ Syrah begins with a really pleasant aroma of ripe fruit (plum and mulberry), licorice, baking spice, a little leather and smoked meat. The wine tastes nice with a good velvety texture. It features juicy berry flavor, pepper and spice plus the smoked meat from the bouquet carries over and becomes more prominent. It ends with good spicy tannins on the dry finish. Really quite a nice Syrah overall.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120725"",  ""title"" : ""2009 DeMorgenzon DMZ Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
296,"  75% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Carménère, 10% Syrah and 5% Malbec from Colchagua, Chile.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Los Vascos, one of Chiles oldest wine estates, is managed by Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite), who began a comprehensive modernization and investment program in 1988. The 560 - hectare vineyard is located in the Cañeten valley of the Colchagua province which offers a healthy microclimate for its ungrafted pre-phylioxera Bordeaux rootstock. Under the direct technical supervision of Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite), Los Vascos is committed to producing the finest consistent and balanced wines whose elegance and harmony are to be shared with connaisseurs around the world. A very well balanced wine with intense aromas of red fruit. Wonderfully concentrated, velvety and luscious in the mouth.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine, while technically a Cabernet, is really more of a blend. (Remember a  wine just needs to contain at least 75% of one variety to be labeled a single varietal.) Thats certainly not a criticism though, as this is one finely tuned Cabernet-based blend. A little Carmemere, Syrah and a dollop of Malbec give this wine a really nice character.   The 2009 Domaines Barons De Rothschild (Lafite) Los Vascos Grande Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon begins with really nice aromas of blackberry, cedar, some herbal notes, lots of cinnamon and other spice and a little vanilla. The wine tastes rich and smooth with tangy fruit flavors of sour black cherry and other red berries. It also has some light herbal notes, a little cedar just like the bouquet and a bit of licorice shows up as well. The finish pulls it all together with slowly developing spice and good length. Overall this is a very good wine. Give it a little time to breathe to get the best experience. Also check out our review of the Los Vascos Sauvignon Blanc.    See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120730"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Los Vascos Grande Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
297,"  100% Pinotage from South Africa.  SRP of $12 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The town of Franschhoek was founded by French Huguenots in 1688. At Franschhoek Cellar we honour our heritage and wine culture by dedicating each of our wines to one of our towns historical landmarks.  Our Stone Bridge Pinotage, has a vibrant ruby colour with mulberry and plum aromas, and hints of chocolate spice on the nose. It is well integrated with a firm structure and a soft fruity finish. Enjoy with venison, your preferred grilled cut of meat or your favourite comfort food.  14.0% Alcohol""The Pinotage grape was created in South Africa as a cross between Pinot Noir and Hermitage (Cinsault) in 1925. Since then it has become, for some, the signature grape of South Africa. Unfortunately it has had an up and down history. Today it is used quite a bit in blends but it seems to also be having a bit of a renaissance in single varietal bottlings. It has a (probably undeserved) reputation as being a bit of an acquired taste. Based on what I tasted in todays wine, if this is an acquired taste then its one that every wine drinker should acquire ASAP.  The 2009 Franschhoek Cellar Stone Bridge Pinotage begins with a wonderful aromatic nose of mulberry, spice and plum along with some smokiness and a bit of leather. The wine tastes smooth and luscious with lots of fruit. Its definitely different than what youre used to drinking but in a good way. Strawberry and other red fruit counters the gamy, smoky character and dried herbs. Nice leathery tannins come through on the dry and fruity finish and the succulent flavors last a long time. An excellent and unique wine that is really easy to drink. There are LOTS of savory flavors in this wine and its just as good if not better on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120302"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Franschhoek Cellar Stone Bridge Pinotage"",  ""permalink"" : ""<data:post.url/>"" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
298,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $11 at Costco. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Louis M. Martini built his winery in the Napa Valley in 1933. His passion was Cabernet Sauvignon. Martini planted and acquired top Cabernet Sauvignon vineyards throughout Napa and Sonoma counties to pursue his passion. Today, Winemaker Michael Martini continues his grandfathers tradition of crafting rich, complex and beautifully structured wines.  This Sonoma County Cabernet Sauvignon showcases fresh, ripe flavors of black cherry, currant, and spice. It pairs well with beef, lamb, pasta marinara, and rich cheeses.  13.8% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second weve reviewed from Louis M. Martini, a California winery that has specialized in Cabernet Sauvignon for over 75 years. We previously tried the Alexander Valley Cabernet which clocked in just a penny under our limit but was still able to garner a Recommended Buy rating thanks to its delicious taste. So the question is whether this less expensive, Sonoma County Cabernet can live up to the same standards. The answer? Read on...  The 2009 Louis M. Martini Sonoma County Cabernet Sauvignon begins with very nice aromas of blackberry, plum and vanilla plus a bit of a spicy herb component. Tasting the medium-bodied wine shows nice fruit flavor with great mouthfeel and texture. Theres lots of black cherry cola, strawberry, raspberry, and vanilla plus some good dusty tannins. The finish is dry with lots of black cherry cola flavors that last for a long time along with some dark chocolate notes. Overall this wine is pretty nice and very good for the price. Definitely a wine that is sure to please and a great wine to break out at a party or especially a BBQ as this one would be really good with a steak. It also held up great on day 2.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120522"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Louis M. Martini Sonoma County Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
299,"   A bit rough and edgy but in a deliciously good way.   100% Tempranillo from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Made with 100% Tempranillo and aged in American oak barriques for 12 months. Deep red in colour with violet hints. This wine has notes of dark fruit, licorice and subtle roasted flavours.  14.0% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were big fans of wine from Rioja. In fact, the #1 rated red wine on our latest Top 10 Reds list comes from Rioja. Todays wine is an excellent example of the value that can be found quite easily from this region.   The 2009 Bodegas Bilbainas Vina Pomal Crianza begins with pleasant aromas of dark fruit, loads of licorice, a little vanilla and cocoa. Although a bit rough, the wine tastes excellent without being overly fruity. The primary flavors are black cherry, cola and licorice. It ends with nice edgy tannins and good spice on the long finish that leaves lingering notes of cocoa, caramel and vanilla.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130304"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Vina Pomal Crianza"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/vina-pomal-crianza-2009-rewarding-rioja.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
300,"  65% Corvina Veronese, 30% Rondinella and 5% Molinara from Valpolicella, Italy.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""From the heart of the famous Valpolicella region, this blend of 65% Corvina Veronese, 30% Rondinella and 5% Molinara is vinified in stainless steel tanks. A brief maceration with the skins allows for greater flavor and aroma extraction.  Vibrant ruby red in color with fresh cherry and plum aromas. This is an excellent accompaniment to Italian antipasti, pasta dishes and other typical Mediterranean cuisine—the perfect red wine match for fish.   13.0% Alcohol""Todays wine features three grape varieties grown primarily in the Veneto region of Italy. The producer, Allegrini, has been making wine in this region since the 16th Century, passing down their skills from generation to generation, but the family has not been content to sit on their laurels. Giovanni Allegrini is largely responsible for revolutionizing winemaking in the area in the 1960s and 1970s and his children have carried on the tradition.   The 2010 Allegrini Valpolicella begins with a very aromatic bouquet of red cherry, plum and some herbs. Basically it smells like a delicious fresh fruit salad. The wine tastes fresh and fruity as well. This is a rather simple wine, but one that is easy to drink and very tasty. The good finish features just a bit of tangy spice and is of medium length. This would be a very nice choice to pair with a pizza. A simply delightful wine to drink.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120518"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Allegrini Valpolicella"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
301,"   #ContraCabernetDay  68% Carignane and 32% Syrah from the Central Coast of California.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Bonny Doon Vineyard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Contra is a wine that reflects the opposite of modern wine sensibilities — of wines over-worked and amped up, pushed and prodded into Procrustean palatenumbing sameness. A rebours, this wine is a contrarian blend of perhaps the most old-fangled grape variety, carignane, from several extremely old (100 year+), nongrafted, dry-farmed head-trained vineyards, located in Contra Costa County, and the puer aeternus syrah, young, vibrant, racy and peppery. Contra is a somewhat contradictory flashback/forward to the straightforward, frank wines of yester- and future-year. A field blend that contravenes contraindicated convention, with aromas of black cherry and licorice, flavorful cassis, blackberries and silky tannins. A wine (hardly) contraindicated for gastronomy, it is above all, contrapuntal.  We aspire to produce wines in a more unaffected, hands-off style, with minimum winemaking intervention or manipulation. Equally we are committed to greater transparency. To this end, we append a list of ingredients used in the production of this wine.  Ingredients: Grapes, tartaric acid and sulfur dioxide. In the winemaking process, the following were utilized: Indigenous yeast, yeast nutrients and french oak chips.  At the time of bottling, this product contained: 60ppm total SO2 and 25ppm free SO2.  13.7% Alcohol""You may be wondering why today, August 30th, ""#CabernetDay"", I am not reviewing a Cabernet. My reason is simple. Its kind of like when you were a kid and sometime around Mother or Fathers Day you lamented, ""How come theres no Kids Day??"". And of course, without fail, the answer came back: ""Everyday is Kids Day!"" An insufficient answer at the time, but one that you later realized to be completely true. So Cabernet Day is kind of like that. Why does perhaps the most popular grape in the world, grown everywhere wine is made, need its own day?  So instead today (well call it #ContraCabernetDay), we celebrate a grape that truly does need its own day, and also begins with the letter C: Carignan (or Carignane). True, todays wine is not 100% Carignan, but lets not get picky. By all accounts, this is not an easy grape to grow although in the right climate it can produce high yields. Wines made from Carignan can also be ""difficult"" as they can have very rough tannins and high acidity. However, as the vines age and yield lowers, those fruit flavors concentrate and balance out the tannins. In the right hands, excellent wine can be made and that is exactly the case here.   The 2010 Bonny Doon Vineyard Contra Old Vine Field Blend begins with a truly amazing aroma of deep dark fruit (plum and black cherry), lots of smoked meat and a little pepper and mint. When tasting the wine, those deep fruit flavors continue. This wine has lots of different layers -- smoked meat, lots of almost jammy dark fruit, rich spice and good acidity. Add to that a really succulent and smooth texture once the wine has time to open up and you quickly realize this is fantastic stuff. Highly recommended on any day.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120830"",  ""title"" : ""Bonny Doon Vineyard Contra Old Vine Field Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/bonny-doon-vineyard-contra-old-vine-field-blend.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
302," Includes an explanation of the Bordeaux Superieur designation.     Fantastique!   60% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 20% Cabernet Franc from Entre-deux-Mers, Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $12. Imported by Michael Skurnik Wines. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""While the image of Bordeaux is formed by the prestige of the Classified Growths of the Medoc and Haut Medoc, the region offers many small, quality driven family owned properties from the satellite appellations along the banks of the Garonne and Dordogne rivers. My Bordeaux Collection represents the fine work of dedicated winemakers crafting wines from these lesser known areas. Discover the delicious, food friendly and great value wines from these wonderful regions.   14% Alcohol""Bordeaux, despite the common perception, is not all about famous producers selling wines at ridiculous prices. In fact, the vast majority of wines made in Bordeaux sell for less than $20, which makes it a great spot for Reverse Wine Snobs looking for deals on tasty wines from established vineyards. Thats exactly what we have today with this Bordeaux Superieur made from 30 year old vines in the Entre-deux-Mers region.  As a side note, you may be wondering about the ""Superieur"" designation on this wine, which is exactly as it sounds -- a label given to wines that have slightly more stringent production regulations than the regular Bordeaux wines. This doesnt always translate into a better wine, but generally the quality should be slightly higher as the Bordeaux Superieur wines tend to come from older vines with lower yields and they spend more time aging before their release (12 months in 30% new oak for todays wine).    The 2010 Chateau Saint Julian Bordeaux Superieur begins with an earthy aroma that also features some dark fruit, lots of dried herbs and a little mint and cola. The wine tastes really delicious with the dark fruit taking center stage in the mouth but still balanced by some nice earthy streaks. Those hints of dried herbs from the nose carry over and youll also find some oaky licorice notes. All of this is wrapped up in a  very smooth, almost creamy texture. It ends dry with a mineral tinged finish featuring lingering cola and licorice notes under more of that delicious dark fruit. Fantastique!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141003"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Chateau Saint Julian Bordeaux Superieur"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/chateau-saint-julian-bordeaux-superieur.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
303," A refreshing and crisp white wine from Argentina that I can wholeheartedly recommend.  SRP of $15, but should be widely available for around $12. Sample received courtesy The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle:""2010 Colomé Torrontés Vino Blanco de Gran Altura Valle Calchaqui, Salta, Argentina  The Torrontes grape is unique to Argentina and expresses itself to the fullest in the beautiful Calchaqui Valley in the province of Salta, near the Northern Argentinian Andes. For this wine, we select Torrontes grapes from vineyards that are 50 to 120 years old and growing at an altitude between 1600 and 2300 meters (5250 to 7546 feet) above sea level. The vineyards are naturally farmed and during harvest we carefully handpick all our grapes. Brilliant, pale-gold in colour, flavors of rich, ripe tropical fruit, with hints of honey and orange peel fill the mouth, and then finish with lingering fresh crispness. A well balanced wine, with intense flavours and a fresh, long finish. Colome Estate and its country boutique hotel are a scenic 4 hour drive from the provincial capital of Salta.   13.5% alcohol.""The 2010 Colomé Torrontés has pleasing and fresh aromas of citrus, honey, and peach. The wine tastes of peach, lime, even some guava, papaya or other tropical fruits and has a nice acidity. The finish is outstanding...the flavor intensifies and then lingers nicely for a long time. This is also a wine that will pair with lots of different foods. It was a great match for the grilled chicken with mint, red onion, and lemon and rosemary dijon mustard potatoes we ate with it. Two thumbs up for this bottle.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110602"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Colomé Torrontés"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
304,"   A thrilling blend.   46% Zinfandel, 18% Barbera, 17% Syrah, 14% Tempranillo and 5% Grenache from Lake County, California.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Dalliance Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Dalliance...amorous play, frolicking, a little on the side, or as the french would say - une affaire romantique....  This wine celebrates the many mysterious and hedonistic pleasures one encounters on the journey of life....The lush layers of unexpected flavors seduce the palette bringing excitement to whatever situation where wine enhances the occasion. This brooding blend of Zinfandel, Barbera, Syrah, Tempranillo & Grenache is all about enjoying an intense pleasure in the moment...  14.5% Alcohol""There are a lot of red blends out there, but frankly, many of them are just plain boring. Dont get me wrong, I love a good red blend but theres a difference between a winery that is setting out to craft the best blend they can and one that is just using up leftover fruit. Todays wine is definitely an example of the former.   The Dalliance Red comes from a winery that knows how to do red blends right -- Shannon Ridge. These are the people behind the Top 10 rated Vigilance Cimarron (One Finely Crafted Cuvée) and the excellent Wrangler Red (Six Grapes, One Beautiful Blend).  On this wine the intrigue begins right with the label. No, Im not talking about the picture, but the varietal listing which includes some of my favorites: Syrah, Tempranillo, Grenache, Barbera AND Zinfandel? Wow! So how does this intriguing blend taste?  The 2010 Dalliance Lake County Red Wine begins with a delightful aroma of strawberry, blackberry, raspberry, cinnamon and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth, fruity blend with lots of different flavors -- this wine has a lot of character. Molasses, strawberry, cinnamon, blackberry and a little spice highlight this sweet and jammy blend. The finish is dry and grippy with caramel and sweet berry notes that linger for a long time. A very interesting blend that is far from boring! The wine also holds up wonderfully on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121002"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Dalliance Lake County Red Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/dalliance-lake-county-red-wine-2010-far-from-boring.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
305,"   Inexpensive, fruity and easy to drink!   Pinot Noir from Monterey County, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  Pinot Noir is hot, and has been for awhile. But as Gregory Dal Piaz pointed out in a recent article at Snooth, as popular as it is there is a disconnect between what consumers want and what winemakers want to give them: ""If you ask consumers what it is they like about Pinot theyll tell you a few things. The wines are fruity, they are also soft and easy to drink, or at least tend to be in the most popular incarnations. The funny thing here is that this style, profitable as it may be, is not what has driven the passion of vintners for decades. No, there are very few winemakers out there dreaming of producing a fruity, easy to drink Pinot from fruit farmed on the flatlands in some back water appellation. The industry wants to make art, the consuming public by and large wants to drink something thats fun."" While the article itself makes the case for Grenache as the next big variety (an idea we wholeheartedly support, just check our most recent Top 10 Red Wines Under $20 list) I think GDP is exactly right about Pinot Noir and it is a confirmation of Tenet #5 of Reverse Wine Snobbery: ""The wine industry often seems to forget about the one person that matters, the average consumer.""   And so in the spirit of Tenet #2 (""We believe you should drink what you like"") we heartily recommend this fruity, inexpensive, and easy drinking Pinot Noir from Darcie Kent Vineyards!  From the bottle: ""The Rava Blackjack Vineyard is situated on a hillside overlooking the fertile Monterey Valley where vines are cooled by brisk coastal breezes and the Pacific fog. This combination is ideal for growing the Pinot Noir used for this wine: a unique combination of flavors including blueberry and ripe cherries. Enjoy!  14.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Darcie Kent Vineyards Rava BlackJack Vineyard Pinot Noir begins with a very enticing candied aroma of vanilla and cherry cola. Those same flavors come through when tasting along with some excellent spice. There may not be a ton of depth or complexity but it sure is tasty, fruity and fun. It ends dry with good length.  Find more Pinot Noir for the 99 selections here! You might also enjoy Five Favorites - Fantastic Pinot Noir Under $20.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130814"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Darcie Kent Rava BlackJack Vineyard Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/darcie-kent-rava-blackjack-vineyard-pinot-noir.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
306,"  100% Grüner Veltliner. SRP of $16 but available for as low as $12.   Sample received courtesy Wines of Austria for review purposes.  From the bottle:""The Wachau Valley is one of the leading wine regions of the world. Steeply terraced vineyards, a unique climate and primary rock define the wines. Federspiel stands for the medium-bodied, elegantly balanced wines of the Wachau. Grüner Veltliner is known for its discreetly spicy aroma. 12.0% Alcohol""Grüner Veltliner is an extremely popular grape in Austria, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic and in fact, covers about a third of the vineyards in Austria. It has also recently become to be known to have the potential to produce some truly outstanding wines that consistently beat out highly respected Chardonnays from around the world. Fresh off my Chardonnay Showdown series, I was excited to give my first Grüner Veltliner a try to see how a under $20 example would hold up.  The Domäne Wachau Terrassen Federspiel Grüner Veltliner begins with aromas of pear, green apple, and grapefruit. These same flavors come through when tasting the wine in addition to a pleasing amount of spice and minerality. The Domäne Wachau is sweet and smooth with a nice juicy texture and a strong acidity that balances out the medium-bodied wine nicely. The finish was good although a little on the short side. Overall we liked this quite a bit and think it outclasses many of the Chardonnays weve tried. So the next time you go to grab that bottle of Chardonnay, why not give a Grüner Veltliner a try instead?  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110813"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Domäne Wachau Grüner Veltliner"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
307,"   Another Satisfying Sicilian  Primarily Nero dAvola along with Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah and a small percentage of other grapes from Siciliy, Italy.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12.  From the bottle: ""Our family has crafted wines in Sicily for 150 years. Sedara is an introduction to our passion and tradition.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Donnafugata Sedara begins with one big aroma when first opened! So much so that I could smell it easily just walking by the counter where the open bottle was sitting. The ""bigness"" dissipates with a bit of time in the glass but the aroma which features loads of sour cherry and other red berries, spice and floral notes is still quite nice. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth, pleasing texture, more juicy sour cherry and tart red berry fruit, soft tannins, good balance and a dry, long finish. A very enjoyable, easy to drink wine -- in other words, another satisfying Sicilian!  Also check out these other recommended wines from Donnafugata: Donnafugata Lighea Zibibbo Sicilia 2011 - My Kind Of Moscato!  Donnafugata Tancredi Sicilia Rosso 2008 - A Real Sweet Tart  Donnafugata Anthilia Sicilia Bianco 2011 - A Succulent Sicilian  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130205"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Donnafugata Sedara"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/donnafugata-sedara-2010-one-big-aroma.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
308,"  81% Merlot, 9% Petite Sirah, 5% Malbec, 4% Cabernet Sauvignon and 1% Merlot from Clarksburg, California.  SRP of $11 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Vino Del Sol for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""For five generations our family has lived and worked our land in the surrounding areas of Lodi, California, always striving to leave the land in a better state for the next generation. The delightful Gen5 Merlot has juicy cherry and plum flavors, smooth tannins, and a rich, mocha finish. From our certified sustainably-grown estate vineyards.  13.9% Alcohol""Merlot has gotten a bad rap in the last few years, but were big fans here at The Reverse Wine Snob. From Australia to Spain to New Zealand to California there is a whole lot of excellent Merlot being made these days. And to be honest, if youre not drinking it, youre missing out.  The 2010 Gen5 Merlot begins with powerful aromas of ripe dark fruit that pull you right into the glass. The wine tastes smooth and spicy with dark juicy fruit of plum and blackberry wrapped up in a nice silky texture. The dry finish features more of the same. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120924"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Gen5 Merlot"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/gen5-merlot-2010-more-than-your-typical.html"" };   Advertise or Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
309,"   This aint no second class Bordeaux.   48% Cabernet Sauvignon, 25% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Franc, 9% Malbec and 8% Petit Verdot from Central Coast, California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Hahn Winery began in 1980 through the vision of Nicky and Gaby Hahn. The Hahns children, Philip and Caroline, share their parents pioneering spirit and passion for wine. As the next generation of leadership, they represent the familys continuing commitment to high-quality, handcrafted wines.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second in our new series on Meritage. In our last post, we gave a brief overview of Meritage wines, a term that was created in the late 1980s because of a desire to distinguish California wines blended from the traditional Bordeaux varieties. This desire likely dates all the way back to the infamous ""Judgement of Paris"" in 1976 when a blind tasting ranked California red and white wines ahead of the very best and most renowned French wines. (Much to the horror of the French, even the French judges chose the wines from California!) Years later, California vintners decided they needed their own term to reflect the high quality of their Bordeaux style blends, and the term Meritage was born.   This new category seems to have struck a chord with consumers because according to the Meritage Alliance, Meritage has been the fastest growing wine category for three straight years. Today we have another excellent example of a Meritage well under $20, this time from Hahn Winery. You may remember Hahn from their fantastic Pinot Noir which has been a staple on our Top 10 Reds Under $20 list.  The 2010 Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage begins with enticing aromas of dark berries, spice, vanilla, caramel and a little cedar. It tastes rich and fruity with flavors of black cherry, cola, plum, molasses and licorice wrapped up in a smooth and spicy texture. It ends dry, with lots of spice, vanilla and caramel that lasts for a long time. Wonderful stuff in its own right, this definitely aint no second class Bordeaux.  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130213"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/hahn-winery-central-coast-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
310,"   Your marching orders: Drink this wine!  44% Pinotage, 41% Cabernet Sauvignon, 9% Merlot and 6% Cabernet Franc from Stellenbosch, South Africa.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $11. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""STYLE: Full bodied - dry red wine with a concentrated berry, banana, cherry and fruit flavours with a spicy finish.  SERVE: At room temperature or just below room temperature.  FOOD SUGGESTIONS: Meat, pasta and spicy dishes.  GRAPES: A blend of Pinotage (44%), Cabernet Sauvignon (41%), Merlot (9%), Cabernet Franc (6%).  ORIGIN: From the quality wine production region of Stellenbosch, east of Cape Town.  KANONKOP: Means ""Canon Hill"" and is derived from the days when cannons were fired to signal the arrival of Dutch trade ships into Cape Town Harbor.  STORAGE: Can be consumed now but should develop even further for the next five years.  14.0% Alcohol""Were big fans of wines from South Africa here at The Reverse Wine Snob and today we have another excellent one. This one comes from the lower slopes of Simonsberg Mountain in Stellenbosch.   The 2010 Kanonkop Kadette is a little closed at first, but as with most things in life patience is rewarded. Once the bouquet opens up youll find excellent blackberry and plum aromas, a bit on the jammy side, plus some vanilla and smoky spice. Tasting the wine reveals a silky smooth texture and excellent juicy fruit tending more towards cranberry in the mouth but still containing blackberry and plum like the bouquet. Theres also a nice layered spice component with a pleasant smokiness all the way through to the long finish. Very nice!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121211"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Kanonkop Kadette"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/kanonkop-kadette-2010.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
311,"  100% Chenin Blanc from Stellenbosch, South Africa.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""It is our vision to improve the lot of our labour force by growing our business and thereby providing maximum job opportunities in a market that is desperate for support. We go a step further, we farm sustainably with no herbicides or pesticides, we till by hand, hugely labour intensive, but very satisfying, we prune, thin bunches and leaves all day by hand and finally we harvest by hand. This additional employment we hope goes some way to improving the quality of life in our community and we know that if every community looked after their own, no-one would go wanting. This is our proposal and consequently each bottle is a victory and represents a small change - for the better - in someones life.  14.5% Alcohol""Chenin Blanc is a variety that we havent covered much here at The Reverse Wine Snob but that is changing. The last one we tried ended up on our Top 10 Whites list. And while Im not a huge fan of big buttery Chardonnay, I am a fan of some oak aging and even a few butter notes in Chenin Blanc. Somehow it just seems to work better for me in this variety. And South Africa is the place to go for Chenin Blanc, where it is the most popular variety in the country accounting for around 20% of the vineyard growth.  The 2010 Ken Forrester Reserve Chenin Blanc begins with a really pleasant aroma of apple, pear, melon, lemon meringue and a little toasty spice. The wine tastes full-bodied, rich, creamy, toasty and a bit buttery. The primary flavors when tasting are similar to the bouquet: apple, pear, melon and lemon custard. Add in some nice minerality and good acidity and this is shaping up to be quite a nice wine. Toasty nutty notes come out after the fruit and continue into the lingering finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120718"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Ken Forrester Reserve Chenin Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
312,"   Pinot Noir under $20 is a tough nut to crack, but this is a fine example.   100% Pinot Noir from Marlborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $19 and purchased for $12. (This one has been spotted at Costco as well.)  From the bottle: ""The grapes for this wine are from selected vineyards in Marlborough. The wine was classically handled and aged in a mixture of oak barrels and tank for seven months. A nice combination of red fruits and dark cherries on the palate, underscored with a hint of oak and firm silky tannins. Enjoy as an accompaniment to most red meats or all by itself.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2010 Kim Crawford Marlborough Pinot Noir begins with an earthy, oaky, spicy aroma featuring red berry and red cherry fruit. The earthiness continues when tasting and is joined by nice fresh fruit and lots of spice. Theres also a silky smooth mouthfeel and good acidity. The primary flavors include black cherry, cranberry, dried herbs, a little pepper and lots of spice that flows into the long finish and resolves into lingering notes of dried herbs. A very nice wine just be sure to let it breathe as it gets exponentially better with a few hours of air.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130605"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Kim Crawford Marlborough Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/kim-crawford-marlborough-pinot-noir.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
313,"   New Series on Meritage!  Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot and Malbec from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Lyeth (pronounced ""Leeth"" Estates was created 1981 by founder Chip Lyeth, who was captivated by the Bordeaux tradition of blending different varietals to get the most intriguing, inspiring wines. In this spirit, we are proud to offer this original Meritage made in Californias Sonoma County. Luscious and full-bodied, it boasts a balanced complexity that only a truly compelling blend can offer.  13.5% Alcohol""If you follow The Reverse Wine Snob you know that Im a big fan of red blends, and one of the more exciting trends to me is the rise of Meritage wines. So today we kick off a new series on Meritage. Over the next few weeks we will be highlighting a number of excellent wines, but first lets find out a little more about Meritage blends.   One way to think of Meritage is basically a Bordeaux style blend thats not from Bordeaux. The Bordeaux name is, of course, limited to wines that actually come from Bordeaux but Meritage wines are made in the same style. Just be sure to say it like a an American -- think heritage with an M.   Just like in Bordeaux, wines must meet certain rules to be called ""Meritage"". This is regulated by the Meritage Alliance, which began as a California organization but now has members from 7 different countries. Regardless of the country of origin, the varieties allowed in red Meritage wines are: Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Merlot, Petit Verdot, Malbec and Carmenere. Wines must contain at least two varieties, without any comprising more than 90% of the total. Well have more info on Meritage wines as we continue on with our series, but for now lets get to todays wine, shall we?  The 2010 Lyeth Meritage begins with pleasing aromas of black cherry cola, raspberry, cedar and a little chocolate. The wine tastes really excellent with similar flavors as the bouquet. Be sure to give it a little time to breathe -- we found it might have even been a little better on day 2! Very fruity, nice firm tannins and a dry finish with good length round out this excellent Meritage blend!  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130206"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Lyeth Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/lyeth-meritage-2010-make-mine-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
314,"   Piedmont produces a perfect pizza wine.   100% Barbera from Piedmont, Italy.  This post brought to you by:    Get the 2011 Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   SRP of $19 and available for as low as $12. Imported by Terlato Wines International. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Two distinguished winemaking families -- Francheschi from Italy and Terlato from the United States -- have combined their expertise to develop this Barbera from Piemonte. The wine delivers flavors of dried black fruit and earthy spices along with bright yet balanced acidity. Silky soft tannins are featured along with rich fruit and a long finish.   13.0% Alcohol""The 2010 Mazzoni Piemonte Barbera begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry and other dark berries, earth, a little oaky spice and a hint of smoke. Tasting reveals flavors of sour black cherry and other tart dark fruits, a wonderful smoky spice and a bit of licorice. Smooth with soft tannins, good acidity and great balance this medium-bodied wine is absolutely wonderful with pizza or pasta. It ends long and dry with more sour black cherry, spice and an excellent earthy streak.  Also check out the"
315,"   And a great pick for your 4th of July BBQ.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Pinuaga 200 Cepas Tempranillo 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   56% Syrah, 22% Cabernet Sauvignon, 12% Cabernet Franc and 10% Mourvèdre from Horse Heaven Hills, Washington.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $12. 1,650 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""During WWII our land was used as a training ground for U.S. fighter pilots. The U.S. P-40 Hawk fighter planes depicted on our label capture the spirit of Bombing Range Red, our tribute to U.S. troops and the colorful history of our vineyard.   PHOTO: U.S. P-40 fighter planes at an advanced U.S. base in China. An American soldier waves good luck to the crew. Acme. ca. 1943  13.8% Alcohol""Horse Heaven Hills lies within the larger Columbia Valley in Washington and is home to some of the states oldest vines. Its an extremely dry area, averaging less than 10 inches of rain per year which means vineyards must use irrigation. (Vitis Vinifera vines, the family of grapes used to make wine, need an absolute minimum of 20 inches of rain per year to survive.) The area is also quite hot, although temperatures are regulated a bit by the strong winds.   Dry, hot and windy normally wouldnt sound like a great combination for farming, but as weve discussed before these types of challenging conditions help to produce extremely flavorful grapes, just what we want. Many different varieties of wine are grown here in Horse Heaven Hills (so named because an early pioneer called it a horse heaven thanks to its abundant grasses) and todays wine makes good use of several of them.  The 2010 McKinley Springs Bombing Range Red begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, leather, white pepper and other dried herbs. Drinking the wine shows it to be very tasty with lots of savory fruit and excellent spice that leads into the long fruit and cola tinged finish. This is a definite crowd-pleaser that even the most discerning drinkers will get a lot of enjoyment from. A great pick for your 4th of July BBQ.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140620"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bombing Range Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/bombing-range-red.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
316,"  100% Chardonnay from the Great Southern region of Australia.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""One of Western Australias leading family owned estates, Plantagenet Wines has been a producer of stylish wines that reflect our cool climate since 1974. The Omrah range offers Plantagenet quality at excellent value. Our oak free Chardonnay is a classy, pure expression of cool grown Chardonnay fruit, all citrus and pears on a supple, minerally palate.  13.5% Alcohol""Lately Ive really been impressed with the innovative and excellent spin Australia is putting on wine. If you look to Australia mainly for Shiraz, its time to branch out a bit. Whether it is a Riesling, a Cabernet Sauvignon Rosé, or even a Shiraz blend, Australia is producing lots of excellent and affordable wine with unique character from well known varietals. Todays Chardonnay is no exception.   The 2010 Plantagenet Omrah Unoaked Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of green apple, pear, lemon cream and a hint of tropical fruit. Tasting the wine shows crisp and rich flavors of citrus, guava and green apple with good intensity. Theres also a really nice minerality adding contrast. It ends with some zesty and tangy tart apple on the nice medium length finish. This is my kind of chardonnay!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120416"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Plantagenet Omrah Unoaked Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
317,"   Whatever you call it, its darn good!    94% Sauvignon Blanc and 6% Semillon from Napa Valley (51% Stags Leap District, 30% Oakville, 19% Napa Valley), California.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Robert Mondavi created the first Fumé Blanc in 1966 to distinguish his unique Sauvignon Blanc from other styles produced at that time. This crisp, refreshing wine captures the vivid character of Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc and exhibits bright citrus, melon, floral, and mineral notes. Robert Mondavi built his Napa Valley winery with a singular vision: to create wines that stand among the worlds finest.  13.9% Alcohol""As the label states, the name Fumé Blanc was created by Robert Mondavi in the late 1960s in an effort to differentiate his new style of dry Sauvignon Blanc from the sweet version that was popular at the time. After creating the name he allowed anyone and everyone to use it as they like, which is why even to this day you see a number of wineries labelling their bottles with it. Today; however, it really isnt representative of anything, its just another name for Sauvignon Blanc. Vincyclopedia tells us more: ""Fumé"" literally translates to ""smoke,"" but this has nothing to do with a ""smoky"" flavor in the wine, although that is a popular notion. It instead refers to the morning fog that covers the Loire Valley and is ""as thick as smoke."" Any smoke-like smells or flavors in Sauvignon Blanc are from aging in toasted oak barrels and are definitely not due to any aroma or flavor character inherent in this grape variety. Although some wineries may choose oak barrel fermentation, oak aging, or both, the use of ""Fumé Blanc"" on a label does not require that the wine be barrel-fermented or ever contact any oak whatsoever. Fumé Blanc is simply an approved synonym for Sauvignon Blanc."" The 2010 Robert Mondavi Winery Napa Valley Fumé Blanc begins with pleasant aromas of lime, tropical fruit, melon and some light fennel spice notes. The wine tastes excellent with lots of lemongrass, more tropical fruit (guava and pineapple primarily), orange zest and lime wrapped up in a very smooth texture. The wine also features a wonderful racy acidity. It ends with lingering citrus and guava notes and even has a bit of earthy minerality on the long finish. Whatever you call it, its plenty good!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140507"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Robert Mondavi Napa Valley Fumé Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/robert-mondavi-napa-valley-fume-blanc.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
318,"  40% Muscat, 48% Xarel-lo and 12% Gewürztraminer from Penedés, Spain.  SRP of $14 and available for around $12. Sample received courtesy Gregory White PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Temps de Flors, ""The time of flowers"" in Catalan, is an outrageous festival of flowers, held north of Barcelona to celebrate the arrival of spring bloom. This blend of Muscat (40%), Xarel.lo (48%) and Gewurtztraminer (12%) tastes like spring in a bottle. Enjoy outdoors with amistades and anything you want on a warm day. Salud!  12.0% Alcohol""As mentioned on the label, this wine is produced specifically for the flower festival that happens every May for 9 days in Girona, a town north of Barcelona. This isnt your run of the mill flower festival either as it attracts over 400k visitors every year. Evidently the whole city is decked out, so it is quite a sight.   This wine also comes from Sumarroca who is a producer well known for their Cava (Spanish sparkling wine). Im guessing this is the reason for use of the Xarel-lo grape here as it is best known as one of the primary varieties used in Cava; however, based on how well it works in this wine I wish we had more still wines using this variety available to us in the U.S.  The 2010 Sumarroca Temps de Flors Vino de la Costa Catalan is true to its name with very nice floral aromas plus some tropical fruit. Taking a sip reveals really quite a delicate and beautiful tasting experience. This wine has smooth and balanced flavors, good acidity and just the perfect sweetness level with flavors of peach, apricot and a little honey. It ends nicely with some lemon/lime zest and a pinch of white pepper. Overall this is an excellent wine, and definitely an interesting blend. The winery recommends pairing it with calamari which I think would be fabulous!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120627"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Sumarroca Temps de Flors Vino de la Costa Catalan"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
319,"   One smooth ride!   100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Northeastern Spain - with its rugged terrain, hot summers and cold winters - is the birthplace of Garnacha (Grenache) and still delivers the purest expressions of this dynamic grape. Our Garnacha is concentrated and rich, bursting with dark fruit and chocolate flavors highlighted by spicy notes. Youll quickly understand why we crossed the Atlantic to bring it back.  14.8% Alcohol""If youve followed The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time you know that I have great love for Spanish Garnacha, and particularly those from the Calatayud, just like todays wine. (Check our current Top 10 Reds list for evidence.) Maybe Ive just had good luck but almost everything Ive tried from this region has been both delicious AND affordable. Lets see if todays wine can meet the high standard that has been set.  The 2010 The Show Garnacha begins with aromas of blackberry, spice, menthol and violets -- you can tell right away this is going to be a bold one. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth and dry wine with lots of delicious fruit such as blackberry and raspberry that is layered with rich spice and plenty of black pepper. The finish is very dry and sour -- so sour that it almost makes you pucker, but in a really good way. It reminds me eating a piece of candy that catches you off guard with its sourness and going right back for another piece because you enjoyed it so much!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121214"",  ""title"" : ""2010 The Show Garnacha"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/the-show-garnacha-2010-no-circus-clowns-needed.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
320," Check out our latest Costco pick!     A sure thing.   100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $16 and available at Costco for $11. Imported by Universal Wine Network.  From the bottle: ""Broquel means shield and symbolizes a familys heritage. Originally, the grapes were sourced from the vineyards surrounding the winery, but nowadays, our winemakers choose the best terroirs for each variety to elaborate these outstanding wines. The ultra-premium Broquel range shows fruit concentration at its best.  The grapes were hand harvested in the last week of March from high altitude vineyards of over 15 years of age. After a careful elaboration process including a long maceration, the wine was aged in oak barrels during 15 months. The wine shows a beautiful balance of ripe tannins and a long finish. To be enjoyed now or leave 4 to 5 years cellaring.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Trapiche Broquel Malbec begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, coffee and dark chocolate. Tasting the wine reveals a really solid, tasty and relatively complex Malbec. Blackberry, licorice and toasty oak combine with some nice spice that lasts into the long finish and resolves into lingering coffee notes. This wine is probably still a bit young as it is fairly tannic at this point -- I enjoyed it quite a bit now but Im guessing itll be even better in a year or two. Definitely a step up from your standard Malbec.  Check out all our recent Costco wine picks here.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131023"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Trapiche Broquel Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/trapiche-broquel-malbec.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
321,"   Good luck dragging yourself away from this wine.   89% Merlot, 5% Malbec, 2% Cabernet Sauvignon and 4% other reds from Central Coast, California (90% Paso Robles and 10% Monterey).  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $11. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Named for the wild mustangs that roamed the nearby hills, Wild Horse Winery & Vineyards has been crafting wines for over 25 years. For our Merlot, we turned to prized coastal vineyards from Paso Robles to Monterey. Scents of black cherry and sweet spice followed by flavors of plum, cherry, cedar and toasted oak make this wine a favorite to pair with stews, braised beef or pasta with Marinara sauce.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the Wild Horse Winery who you may remember as the producer of our very favorite Chardonnay: Wild Horse Unbridled Chardonnay 2010 - As Good As Chardonnay Gets. Today we have a Merlot from their less expensive Central Coast line of wines.  The 2010 Wild Horse Winery & Vineyard Central Coast Merlot begins with lots of jammy plum, a little cedar and lots of baking spice on the very fragrant bouquet. I love a wine with a good strong aroma and this one definitely has it. The wine tastes smooth, dry and delicious with rich flavors of sour cherry, blackberry and plum. Nice structure, good acidity and great length on the rich finish round out this wildly good Merlot!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130228"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Wild Horse Central Coast Merlot"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/wild-horse-central-coast-merlot.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
322,"   A delightful wine from the Luberon.   75% Grenache and 25% Syrah from Mirabeau, Luberon, Rhone, France.   Regular price of $12 and available for 10% off to readers of The Reverse Wine Snob for a limited time (see below). Sample submitted for review. Imported by first vine.  From the importer: ""This medium-bodied red stands up well to spicier foods. The Luberon climate is particularly suited to Grenache, which makes the wine beautifully earthy.  Food Pairing: Goes well with red meat, goat cheese, spicy and earthy foods.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Chateau de Clapier in the Luberon. The Luberon lies between Rhone and Provence near the Mediterranean coast in south-eastern France. This is a climate perfect for growing grapes with a large diurnal temperature variation (difference between the highest daytime and lowest nighttime temperatures).  And if you remember our Thanksgiving post, youll recognize the winery from their excellent rosé: Spend Thanksgiving In The Pink - Rosé Wine For Your Holiday Feasts. This area is known for their excellent rosé wines and this one was no exception featuring a highly quaffable blend of Cinsault, Grenache, Pinot Noir and Syrah. Perfect for spring by the way, but lets get on to todays wine!  The 2011 Chateau De Clapier Calligrappe Red begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring musty and earthy notes of tomato plant, a little dirt, tart black cherry and and hint of dried herbs. Tasting reveals a delightful medium-bodied wine full of red and black fruit, a little spice and more earthy notes wrapped up in a dry, grippy texture. It ends with good length and more hints of tomato plant. Lovely!  Use code RWS10 to get an extra 10% off a single order at first vine, including the Chateau de Clapier Calligrappe Red! Expires April 30, 2014.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140306"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Chateau De Clapier Calligrappe Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/chateau-de-clapier-calligrappe.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
323,"  Indigenous Sicilian grapes Catarratto and Ansonica plus other international varieties like Chardonnay and Viognier from Sicily, Italy.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Folio Fine Wine Partners for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our family has crafted wines in Sicily for 150 years. Anthilia is a friendly, fruit-driven wine, crisp and versatile.  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Sicily which surprisingly (to me at least) accounts for almost 20% of Italys total wine production. This doesnt necessarily sound huge until you realize that it translates to more vineyard land than either Chile or South Africa. And of these vast Sicilian vineyards the acres devoted to the Catarrato grape account for about one third. (Nero dAvola is the second most produced grape, and top red.) Much of the Catarrato that is produced is blended with Inzolia and Grillo to make the famous wine Marsala, a fortified wine similar to Port, but lucky for us a growing amount of these indigenous grapes are being used to produce excellent and affordable everyday wines.  The 2011 Donnafugata Anthilia Sicilia Bianco begins with a nice crisp and fruity aroma of green apple, pear, peaches and a little grapefruit. Tasting the wine reveals a nicely tart combination of green apple, a little grapefruit, pear and creamy lemon/lime zest. This delicious wine has a great lively yet soft texture, good acidity and excellent underlying minerality. On the long finish that minerality turns chalky and comes to the front. Excellent.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120912"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Donnafugata Anthilia Sicilia Bianco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/donnafugata-anthilia-sicilia-bianco.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
324,"   A delightful summertime sipper!   Enjoy Californian wine with great deals. 100% Agiorgitiko from Koutsi, Nemea, Greece.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy New Wines of Greece for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""14-18h The hours that the grape must remains in contact with the skins.  This bright rosé wine reveals the great versatility of the Agiorgitiko grape variety. Its name refers to the time of skin maceration which is between 14 to 18 hours. Best served at 46°F/8°C  13.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is the first of several that we will be featuring over the next few weeks that showcase a traditional Greek grape. First up we go to Peloponnese, which is the southernmost tip of Greece, for a wine made from Agiorgitiko -- a grape variety that was given that name all the way back in 1460. This grape is usually made into a dry red wine, but today well try it as a rosé wine.  It seems a bit ironic really that one of the oldest winemaking regions in the world has just recently come to be known for the quality of their wines. For all of us Reverse Wine Snobs however, this presents an opportunity to find some really delicious wine at a great price compared to other regions. And thats exactly the case here.  The 2011 GAIA 14-18h Agiorgitiko Rosé Peloponnese begins with really marvelous aromas of strawberry and watermelon plus a little sea salt. Tasting the wine reveals good fresh acidity and a lively mouthfeel. Theres also plenty of juicy fruit (strawberry and watermelon just like the bouquet) as well as lots of sea salt-like mineral notes. This is a dry rosé but it still has lots of fruit flavor -- its very different (and better) than a sweet rosé that has loads of residual sugar. The finish is all watermelon jolly rancher with a hint of pepper that lasts for quite awhile and also has some nice mineral notes that pop out underneath the fruit. Delicious and recommended!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly RecommendedFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120712"",  ""title"" : ""2011 GAIA 14-18h Agiorgitiko Rosé Peloponnese"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
325,"   Two extremely tasty, easy drinking and affordable French wines.   A 100% Chardonnay and a 100% Pinot Noir from Burgundy, France.   Today we have two wines from the Laforet (La-fo-ray) line from Maison Joseph Drouhin, a large estate located in Burgundy that dates back to the late 1800s. The estate not only grows their own grapes, but also act as one of the larger negociants in Burgundy purchasing wine from throughout region. (They even have a vineyard in the Willamette Valley in Oregon.)  The Laforet line of wines that we are reviewing today sources grapes from all the hotspots in Burgundy -- Chablis, Cote dOr, Maconnais, and Cote Chalonnaise. And while a wine region like Burgundy can be quite confusing, our friends over at Wine Folly do a great job of breaking it down and pointing out the value spots in their Simple Guide to Burgundy Wine (with Maps).   And one more thing before we get to the reviews, Maison Joseph Drouhin has declared this the ""Summer of Laforet"" and they are hosting many special tastings and giveaways throughout the summer months, so you may want to check that out!  First up is the 2012 Joseph Drouhin Laforet Bourgogne Chardonnay. This wine is 100% Chardonnay, has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Dreyfus Ashby.  From the bottle: ""About the Chardonnay, born in Burgundy, we created this wine like a perfume: with the freshness of the Chablisien, the fruitiness of the Maconnais and all the elegance of the Cote dOr. Within are gentle citrus aromas, then vanilla and honey notes. I love the freshness and spontaneity of the mouth! It is chic and balanced, but doesnt take itself too seriously.  13.0% Alcohol"" The 2012 Joseph Drouhin Laforet Bourgogne Chardonnay begins with a pleasant aroma of varied citrus notes along with a touch of tropical fruit. The wine tastes of honey and lemon and has a delightful lively texture with some spicy minerality that shines through on the finish. Its just a tad bit creamy with a touch of vanilla. This is my kind of chardonnay, theres no butter in sight and its really enjoyable to drink. The finish is of medium-length and crisp.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Next up is the 2011 Joseph Drouhin Laforet Bourgogne Pinot Noir, which is 100% Pinot Noir, has an SRP around $20 and is available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Dreyfus Ashby.  From the bottle: ""About the Pinot Noir, born in Burgundy, we created this wine like a perfume: with elegance and fruitiness in the Chalonnais, depth from the Cote dOr. Within are red fruit aromas: raspberries, redcurrants and blackcurrants. I love the subtle spiciness of the mouth, its soft tannins and silky texture! Its attractive and well-bred, but doesnt take itself too seriously.  12.5% Alcohol"" The 2011 Joseph Drouhin Laforet Bourgogne Pinot Noir begins with aromas of mostly red fruit including a little cranberry and just a touch of green. Tasting the wine reveals that it is very easy to drink featuring more fresh red fruit, soft tannins, good balance and good acidity. It is also very smooth with a nice spice component that comes out at the end and leads into the lingering finish. This is one tasty Pinot Noir and a steal for under $15!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
326,"   Another very tasty Malbec from Kaiken Wines.   80% Malbec, 12% Bonarda and 8% Petit Verdot from Mendoza, Argentina. The Malbec comes from the Uco Valley, the Bonarda from the Agrelo Estate and the Petit Verdot from Gualtallary.   SRP of $17 and available for as low as $12. Imported by TGIC Importers. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Terroir Series (formerly Kaiken Corte) is a range of wines produced with grapes carefully selected from our estates in the first zone of Mendoza. This wine is a perfect blend of Malbec, Bonarda and Petit Verdot. It has been aged for 10 months in French new and used oak. Malbec adds nice touches of violets, together with a delightful soft texture, Bonarda the floral and wild touches and Petit Verdot the strength.  Kaiken is the native name of a wild goose that flies over the Andes, between Argentina and Chile, same as Aurelio Montes - father and son - do to make this wine.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Kaiken Terroir Series Corte Malbec Blend needs a bit of time in the glass to open up but then it reveals a lovely aroma of blueberries, blackberries, violets and a hint of baking spice. The wine tastes excellent with a wonderful smooth and silky mouthfeel plus lot of dark fruit like blackberry and plum. Youll also find a little mint and even a hint of black pepper. Oaky, leathery notes lead into the dry, long, mineral-filled finish. Much like the Kaiken Ultra Malbec 2011 we reviewed previously, this one is not only fun to drink but also a great value.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141124"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Kaiken Terroir Series Corte Malbec Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/kaiken-terroir-series-corte-malbec.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
327,"   Quite a flavorful wine for just $11.   Zinfandel from Sonoma Valley, California.  Available for $10.99 at Costco.  From the bottle: ""This estate-produced Zinfandel comes from a collection of archival vineyards that have been home to Zinfandel for more than 150 years. Kirkland Signature Old Vine Zinfandel is produced from low-yielding vines that average 45 years of age. This classic Old Vine Zinfandel has opaque shades of deep red-purple fruit with a bouquet and palate structure of blackberry, cassis, blueberry and chocolate, which is supported by vanilla and spice notes from oak maturation and lifted by bright acidity and supple, ripe tannins.  15.3% Alcohol""The 2011 Kirkland Signature Sonoma County Old Vine Zinfandel begins with aromas of black cherry, bramble, a bit of coffee, spice and some nice floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals a great example of a Sonoma Zin with very brambly flavors of ripe black cherry, blackberry, blueberry and cranberry. Youll also find a bit of leathery spice and vanilla in this very flavorful wine. It ends with more ripe fruit, leather and spice that lingers for a good amount of time.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended* PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140214"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Kirkland Signature Sonoma County Old Vine Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/kirkland-signature-sonoma-county-old-vine-zinfandel.html"" };     *As you may have noticed, weve recently added a new rating category of ""Highly Recommended"" for wines scoring between 7.8 and 8.2. Previously these were included in the ""Recommended Buy"" category (7.0 to 8.2) but to help differentiate among this large group weve added the new classification. As always wines that score 8.3 and above are designated as a "
328,"   At this price it just might make you sing!  100% Gruner Veltliner from Kremstal, Austria.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Folio Fine Wine Partners for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The dream of Laurenz Maria Moser V. and his daughter, Sophie Marie, is to bring Austrias indigenous grape to your table. Gruner is best described as having elegance and finesse, a floral perfume with a refreshing zip, hand in hand with a distinctive fruity character and a rewarding finish. Why do we call it ""Singing""? Guess you have to try it -- Enjoy.  12.0% Alcohol""If Austria is known for a single variety of wine, it has to be Gruner Veltliner (Groo-ner Vehlt-ly-ner), which accounts for about a third of the vineyard plantings in the country. This is a variety that is gaining respect world-wide as delicious, food friendly and age-worthy -- all good things.   For todays wine, we went to a producer that specializes in Gruner, Laurenz V. In fact, they claim to be the only winery that exclusively produces Gruner Veltliner. The Laurenz family has been making wine for over five generations (the reason for the V. in the name). They produce seven different Gruner Veltliners each with its own distinct taste. Todays wine is priced right in our sweet spot with a street price as low as $12.  The 2011 Laurenz V. Singing Gruner Veltliner begins with light and flowery notes of apple, peach and lemon-lime. The wine tastes really delightful with a slightly fizzy character and lots of minerality. The flavors are similar to the bouquet with juicy apple, pear and peach plus some white pepper. Good acidity, good balance and a nice lively mouthfeel make for a fun wine. It finishes crisply with some nice spice, a burst of lime and lingering mineral notes. An enjoyable introduction to Gruner Veltliner and Austrian whites wines that you can pick up for a song!  Wine in the Awesome Austrians series: 2010 Zantho Zweigelt - A perfect wine for Thanksgiving dinner. 2011 Laurenz V. Singing Gruner Veltliner - At this price it just might make you sing! 2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic - A Beauty From Burgenland. 2010 Laurenz V. Charming Gruner Veltliner - Smooth and Steely. 2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt - Fresh From The Garden! 2010 Juris St Laurent Selection - Pinot Noirs deep, dark and savory love child finds a home in Austria.  2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection - Think you know Pinot? Then you need to get to know Austria.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121024"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Laurenz V Singing Gruner Veltliner"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/laurenz-v-singing-gruner-veltliner-2011.html"" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
329," What do The Grateful Dead, the art of wine blending, and supporting military families and veterans have in common?     ""It will never get a 100 points, but its perfect."" -- Dave Ready Jr., winemaker for Murphy-Goode   Read on to find out more about this brand new blend of Syrah, Merlot, Petite Sirah and Zinfandel created to support military families and veterans, plus a thoroughly enjoyable interview with Murphy-Goode winemaker Dave Ready Jr.   Last week I had the opportunity to sit down with Dave Ready Jr., the winemaker for Murphy-Goode and Dan Gagen, Director of Marketing for Jackson Family Wines, to discuss the newly introduced Murphy-Goode Homefront Red Blend. For each bottle of Homefront Red sold Murphy-Goode has committed to donating $.50 to Operation Homefront, a non-profit organization that ""provides emergency financial and other assistance to the families of our service members and wounded warriors.""   And while 50 cents may not seem like much, unlike many other charity efforts the donation from Murphy-Goode isnt capped at $50,000 or even $100,000 dollars. With a one-time production run of 54,000 cases (that they hope to repeat next year), were talking about a donation of over $300,000. This is no small commitment -- that kind volume makes the Homefront Red one of the top wines Murphy-Goode produces and accounts for a substantial amount of their total production for the year. Even more impressive when you realize Murphy-Goode wont make any profit themselves from this wine.   Of course some things are more important than making money and supporting military families and wounded vets is right near the top of that list. Operation Homefront is right on the frontline in this important fight, helping 180,000 military families in 2012 alone. 99% of their assistance is made to E1-E6, the lowest ranking, lowest paid enlisted soldiers.  So what would compel Murphy-Goode to undertake this effort? For winemaker Dave Ready Jr. this was a cause that was close to home with a father who served in Vietnam, two grandfathers in WWII and a great-grandfather in WWI. Of course after hearing a little bit about Readys background the bigger question might be how a one time musician and wannabe rock star who saw 175 Grateful Dead shows in the late 80s (168 sober) and at one point went on tour with Weird Al Yankovic as a backup dancer ended up as a winemaker.   The answer to that question seems to boil down to an attraction to the creative process that is inherent in winemaking. Readys philosophy when it comes to blending wines like the Homefront Red is a good example. It all begins with a simple question: ""Where do I want to be drinking a wine?"" (Outside at dusk for the Homefront Red.) With that answered, he then formulates a plan based on his 24 years of experience. The actual blending is usually done within a day because ""if I cant do it in a day, Im forcing it"". For Ready, winemaking is an art: ""You use science when you get in trouble"".  Todays wine, the Homefront Red, came together very easily for Ready, being predominantly Syrah based (for texture) with Zinfandel added for spice and Petite Sirah giving structure. About 75% of the wine spent roughly a year in barrel. The wine has an SRP of $15 and should be widely available for around $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Murphy-Goode Winery is committed to quality winemaking and having fun. We also believe in giving back, and thats why weve crafted Homefront Red. A portion of the proceeds from every bottle sold will go to Operation Homefront, a national nonprofit that provides emergency and financial assistance to the families of service members and wounded warriors.  Give Goode. Do Goode.   13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Murphy-Goode Homefront Red begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring lots of vanilla and other oaky notes plus plenty of dark fruit. Theres also a little peppery spice and hint of mint. The wine tastes very smooth and just like the nose theres plenty of vanilla and sweet blackberry along with notes of black cherry, black raspberry and spice. With soft tannins, this easy to drink wine should have really wide appeal. It ends with good length.   Id classify this wine as a very nice step up in quality versus a blend like the popular Apothic Red. However, unlike the Apothic Red this wine wont be available for very long as Murphy-Goode has already shipped its entire supply and is estimating it will be completely gone from store shelves sometime in December. In other words -- if you see it, stock up!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130912"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Murphy-Goode Homefront Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/murphy-goode-homefront-red.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook to get even more great content like this:  (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
330,"   A great introduction to Ribera Del Duero.   100% Tempranillo from Ribera Del Duero, Spain.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $12. Imported by Winebow. 100,000 bottles produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Made with 100% Tinto Fino (Tempranillo) that is ruby in color with a purple hue. Full and concentrated ripe berry aromas with a touch of oak. On the palate, it is rich and velvety with ripe tannins and a lingering finish which is typical of this Ribera del Duero wine from Protos.  15% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from one of our favorite places in Spain, Ribera Del Duero. Normally known for producing big, delicious wines built to age today we have a younger, bit more approachable (but still absolutely delicious) bottle.   The 2011 Protos Tinto Fino begins with very pleasant aromas of berries, vanilla, violets, a little leather and spice. The wine tastes smooth with lots of deep, dark fruit and good complexity. Theres also a very tasty spice component. This medium-bodied wine has a lot of characteristics I love in wines from Ribera del Duero its just not quite as big and a bit more easy drinking. It ends dry with tinges of vanilla and has good length. Awesome and it held up just fine on day 2.  Want to know more about Ribera Del Duero? Check out this article: Reveling in the Wine of Ribera Del Duero Plus 3 Top Value Picks.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140427"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Protos Tinto Fino"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/protos-tinto-fino.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
331,"  100% Chenin Blanc from Coastal Region, South Africa.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Original celebrates wine at its most natural! Made from handpicked grapes and crafted without oak to preserve all the original vibrant freshness and flavour. A wine that reflects the lifelong passion our family has for Chenin Blanc. We hope that those who drink this wine can share and appreciate the passion with which each bottle was created. Pairs effortlessly with a variety of foods, but we particularly enjoy it with spicy prawn dishes, sushi and oysters. -Bruwer Raats (Winemaker)  13.0% Alcohol""South Africa is known for Chenin Blanc, and weve tasted some really excellent ones from this area recently. (Ken Forrester Reserve Chenin Blanc 2010 - Rich, Creamy, Toasty and Fruity and Bellingham The Bernard Series Old Vine Chenin Blanc 2010 - Goodbye Chardonnay, Hello Chenin Blanc.) Much like Chardonnay, Chenin Blanc can be made with and without the use of oak aging, producing very different wines. Todays wine goes the unoaked route and the result is quite nice.  The 2011 Raats Original Unwooded Chenin Blanc begins with a nice lightly fruity aroma featuring green apple, pineapple and melon. Tasting the wine reveals it to be fresh and delicious with a light minerality and excellent flavors of apple, peach and lime with a touch of honey and spice. It ends with a tangy minerality on the long finish and flavors of pineapple and orange zest. A really excellent wine that lets the natural beauty of the variety shine thanks to the lack of oak.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120829"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Raats Original Unwooded Chenin Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/raats-original-unwooded-chenin-blanc.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
332," Four Delicious Finger Lakes Rieslings For Under $15!    This years line-up.   This year I once again had the opportunity to taste a number of Rieslings from the Finger Lakes as part of the Finger Lakes Wine Alliance Riesling Hour. Riesling is huge in the Finger Lakes. As I noted in last years post there are over 1,000 acres of Riesling being grown in this area that result in over 100,000 of cases of Riesling annually from 200 different brands. But the thing that impressed me even more this year was the quality of the four wines I tasted, all priced at under $15!  With that, lets move right into the reviews! Up first is the 2011 Fulkerson Winery Semi-Dry Riesling with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10.  From the bottle: ""The noble grape that superbly in our shale soil shows off in another style. Our semi-dry has a flowery nose backed up by tropical fruit. The nice mouth feel expresses tastes of crisp apple and peach that will excite your taste buds. Enjoy with roast pork, ham, glazed ribs and chicken with cream sauces.  11.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Fulkerson Winery Semi-Dry Riesling begins with very pleasant aromas of apple, honey, peach and a little pineapple. The wine tastes sweet and light (delicate even) with lemon, apple and nectarine flavors. Quite good although the finish is a bit short.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next up was my favorite of the night, the 2011 Red Newt Cellars Semi-Dry Riesling with an SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12.     My Favorite! From the bottle: ""Riesling is the flagship wine grape variety of the Finger Lakes and truly shines when balanced with a touch of sweetness. Crisp and aromatic in the glass, Red Newt Semi-Dry is the ultimate expression of the Finger Lakes style. Bursting with layers of ripe pineapple, starfruit, kiwi, and mango, the palate is an expression of the perfect climate for Riesling. Subtle sweetness up front is delicately balanced for a clean, fresh finish, and is ideal for flavorful, spicy cuisine.  10.1% Alcohol""The 2011 Red Newt Cellars Semi-Dry Riesling begins with aromas of pear, honey and even some mineral notes. The wine has good balance and tastes excellent with lots of sweet pear and honey along with some spicy white pepper. It finishes clean with good length.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy Third is the 2011 Three Brothers Zero Degree Dry Riesling with an SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12.  From the bottle: ""Designed to showcase the versatility of the Finger Lakes Riesling grape, and the wines unique ability to be finished either dry or sweet. You decide...which degree do you prefer?  11.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Three Brothers Zero Degree Dry Riesling begins with a bit subdued aroma of apple and peach. It tastes great with a whole lot of fruit flavor covering up the wines dryness. Its actually quite nice to have a wine with so much fruit that is not overly sweet. The finish is medium-long and features more apple flavors.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Last up is the 2011 Wagner Vineyards Dry Riesling, with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $9.  From the winery: ""Wagner Vineyards is an estate bottled winery, currently farming over 200 acres of grapes, including more than 50 acres of Riesling. We ferment our Riesling at cool temperatures to preserve the delicate fruit character and bottle early, allowing it to gain complexity in the bottle. Our experience has shown that, given proper storage conditions, Riesling from Wagner Vineyards will continue to improve and develop for 5-7 years.  11.6% Alcohol""The 2011 Wagner Vineyards Dry Riesling begins with nice light aromas of tropical fruit and apple. The wine tastes lightly sweet with citrus, nectarine, pineapple and honey flavors but also has some good minerality. Those flavors turn a bit tart on the finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. All wines were samples received courtesy Finger Lakes Wine Alliance for review purposes.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
333,"   More winning wine from Washington State.   90% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Merlot from Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $13 and available for around $12. 800 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""This wine has a dark cherry, plum fruit aroma with hints of tobacco and cedar. On the palate the wine is soft with a dark fruit explosion that expresses the cherry and slight currant berry flavors. The tannins are soft and add structure to the lengthy and jammy fruit finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Weve been making a concerted effort here at The Reverse Wine Snob to review more wine from Washington State as we have been consistently impressed with the quality of the wines weve tasted across a very broad spectrum of grapes. Todays wine comes from the Columbia Valley which produces about 99% of the grapes in the state. Ridge Crest is the second label of Claar Cellars. We previously reviewed their 2010 Syrah and loved it so much it still has a spot on our Top 10 Reds Under $20 list. Lets see how the Cabernet Sauvignon measures up.     The 2011 Ridge Crest Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very satisfying aroma full of black cherry, plum, cloves, nutmeg, and a little cedar. Tasting this smooth and very tasty wine reveals more black cherry and plum, along with cola and some great oaky spice notes that really enrich the experience. It ends dry with a long finish featuring more juicy fruit and spice. Delicious and fun to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140313"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Ridge Crest Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/ridge-crest-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
334,"   Temptingly Tasty!   100% Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $15 and available for $11.99 at Costco. Sample received courtesy Pernod Ricard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Smooth stones characterize the Stoneleigh vineyards in Marlborough. By day, these stones reflect heat to enhance ripening, while the cool night air captures crisp fruit flavors. Free-draining, stony soils, high sunshine hours and the cool coastal climate create a distinctive range of intensely flavored wines.  Winemakers comments: This full-flavoured Marlborough wine displays a vibrant bouquet of passionfruit and grapefruit, with overlying tropical notes. The palate adds a burst of ripe passionfruit, balanced by a fresh citrus zest. -- Jamie Marfell, Winemaker  Serving suggestions: Serve lightly chilled on its own or with white meat or seafood dishes accompanied with a fruit salsa.  12.5% Alcohol""New Zealand is probably best known in the wine world for Sauvignon Blanc and it is with good reason. Many critics believe the Marlborough region produces the finest Sauvignon Blanc in the world and lucky for us, much of it can still be found for under $20. Todays wine comes from Stoneleigh, whose vineyards lie in shallow rock and gravel soils. Sounds like a challenging spot to grow grapes, but thats exactly the point as these unique conditions impart unique (and delicious) characteristics to the grapes.  The 2011 Stoneleigh Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc begins with a very enticing aroma of grapefruit, pineapple and other tropical fruit along with a nice straw and light vegetal component. It only takes one sniff to know this one is going to be good. The wine tastes really quite lovely with delicious and juicy peach, pineapple and nectarine flavors. Perfectly sweet and tart with a nice lively texture, good acidity and minerality, this is quite a delicious wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120925"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Stoneleigh Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/stoneleigh-marlborough-sauvignon-blanc.html"" };   Advertise or Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
335,"   A Reverse Wine Snobs paradise? Lodi Winegrowers declare:  ""Other regions can have Saturday night, well take the other six.""   100% Vermentino from Lodi, California.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Uvaggio - sounds like Bellagio - is Italian for really great wine made by two incredibly hip wine lovers. We have moved far beyond the conventional chocolate and vanilla by making Barbera, Moscato, Primitivo and Vermentino. We say since California has a Mediterranean climate, we should make wine with the grapes that actually thrive there.  Indigenous to Sardinia and Liguria, Vermentino is becoming popular as the white grape to grow in the Maremma region of Tuscany. It produces an aromatic and flavorful wine, perfect as an aperitivo or with a meal. Think of Vermentino as where Pinot Grigio meets Gruner Veltliner, having aromas and flavors of pear, lime, green melon, and cilantro-like mint.  Our Vermentino will partner well with seafood, more delicate Southeast Asian cuisine like Thai or Vietnamese, chicken, pasta, or any Mediterranean dish calling for a white wine.  12.5% Alcohol""Lodi, pronounced Low-die, is 90 minutes east of San Francisco and 35 minutes south of Sacramento. Grapes have been grown in the area since the 1850s when settlers who came out for the Gold Rush struck out but instead found a different type of gold. The area even prospered through Prohibition thanks to the provision of the Volstead Act that allowed for home winemaking, which created a great need for grapes to be shipped across the country.  Lodi has a Mediterranean climate with a variety of soils conducive to grape growing. There are about 75 wineries in the area and more than 750 growers. In total the area accounts for 17% of Californias total production. About 60% of the wines produced are red.  Most importantly, and perhaps because the area doesnt have quite the name recognition as places like Napa, the region as a whole is dedicated to producing high quality wine at very reasonable prices. Thus the ""Other regions can have Saturday night, well take the other six"" declaration, a statement we cant help but love. Wineries and growers in the area also tend to have an innovative spirit which explains why Vermentino and other Italian varietals are not at all uncommon here.  Vermentino is a white grape variety that is primarily produced in Italy and also in France in the Languedoc-Roussillon area. We recently covered this grape for the first time as part of our feature on the indigenous white varieties of Italy: Excellent Italian Whites - Exploring the White Wines of Italy Including Two"
336,"   Really yummy.   94% Garnacha and 6% Tempranillo from Carinena, Aragon, Spain.  SRP of $16 and widely available for $12. Imported by Purple Wine Co. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""ALTO CINCO translates from Spanish as “high five,” with “high” referring to the height (Alto) of our vineyards and “five” to our growing area surrounding the quaint village of Paniza. Located within one of the region’s four appellations, or DO’s with some of the world’s best old vine Garnacha vineyards, some believe Paniza is worthy of its own DO (#5).  Our Garnacha is bursting with ripe raspberry and black cherry flavors framed by hints of mocha and vanilla. Old vines of up to 100 years from the highest elevations in the renowned Cariñena district in northern Spain impart richness and complexity to the wine. While the locals pair it with roasted meats, simmered tomato dishes and grilled bread, our wines ripe fruit flavors also make it ideal for enjoying with appetizers or simply on its own. ¿Por qué Alto Cinco?  14% Alcohol""We love Spanish Garnacha here at The Reverse Wine Snob. With an abundance of old vines in the country and not a lot of name recognition for the variety, prices remain low which makes the wines an incredible value. Some of our favorites come from the Calatayud in Aragon. For example: Cruz de Piedra Garnacha Tinto 2012 - Costco Plus The Calatayud Equals A Killer Combination. Punto y Coma Garnacha 2009 - The Calatayud Strikes Again! Altovinum Evodia Old Vines Garnacha 2011 - Money Todays wine is from another area in Aragon, just northeast of the Calatayud in northern Spain. The region is called Carinena and its one we havent delved into much. Much like the Calatayud the soil is very rocky, so much so that the wines are known locally as el vino de las piedras, or wine of the rocks. (Info via wine-searcher.) Well be highlighting more wines from this region in the coming weeks.   The 2012 Alto Cinco Garnacha begins with very pleasant aromas of black cherry, blackberry, baking spice (cloves and cinnamon) and violets. The wine tastes ripe and juicy with strawberry, blackberry and red currant flavors. The texture is smooth with soft tannins and the finish is dry and long with a touch of green olive and coffee under the juicy fruit and sweet baking spice notes. It gets better the longer it is open so be sure to give it some time to breathe. Yummy - a high five for this wine indeed!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140701"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Alto Cinco Garnacha"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/07/alto-cinco-garnacha.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
337," Fancy yourself a princess? This is your wine!     Perhaps the most esteemed white wine from the most famous wine region in Italy.   100% Cortese from Novi Ligure, Gavi, Piedmont, Italy.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Banfi.  From the bottle: ""In the 6th century, Principessa Gavia fell deeply in love with a soldier. Her father, Clodimir, King of the Franks, forbade their marriage, so the lovers eloped to a remote village in northwestern Italy. Charmed by the local white wine, the newlyweds revealed their identity and were brought before the king. But when he discovered their happiness, he forgave the couple. The King blessed their union and named for her both the village and its wine - Gavi. Dry, fruity, with crisp acidity, Principessa Gavia Gavi is an ideal marriage to seafood, chicken or veal.  12.0% Alcohol""While weve mentioned Gavi before, today is the first weve reviewed. The Gavi DOCG, located in the famed Piedmont region of Italy, produces wines made from the Cortese grape. As is often the case the name comes from the town around which the grape is grown and is often used synonymously with the actual varietal name, Cortese (sometimes referred to as Cortese di Gavi). This indigenous variety dates back to the 1600s and is considered Piedmonts signature white grape much the same as Nebbiolo is considered the signature red grape of the area.  The 2012 Banfi Principessa Gavia Gavi begins with pleasant aromas of green apple, a little graphite minerality and a nice light floral component. The light-bodied wine tastes fresh, fruity and fun. Green apple, luscious lime and a little pear and grapefruit combine with a great texture and lively acidity to make a crisp and delicious wine. It ends dry, clean and crisp with lasting tart fruit flavors.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131107"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Principessa Gavia Gavi"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/principessa-gavia-gavi.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
338,"   Lest you think Ribera Del Duero is exclusively about big red wines, take a look at this summertime sipper.   100% Tempranillo from Ribera Del Duero, Spain.  SRP of $12 and available for $11. Sample submitted for review. 2,500 cases produced. Imported by Grapes of Spain.  From the winery: ""Produced from 100% Tempranillo grapes from vines aged 15 years, planted on brown limestone gravel and grown organically (not certified) at the base of the Castrillo hill on the Torremilanos estate. The vines are trained to wires for better control over ripening. The vineyard is 2,700 feet above sea level, the lowest elevation on the estate.   All of the must from these grapes is used to produce this rose. The grapes are harvested relatively early in the season, about 5 days prior to the harvest of tempranillo from the same vineyards intended for the production of red wine. Ricardo intends to produce a fresh wine with a moderate level of alcohol, so the wine is inviting and lively on the palate. The grapes are harvested, destemmed and left with the skins for about one hour prior to pressing. The grapes were fermented with neutral yeasts at cool temperatures to maintain a brightly fruity character.  14.0% Alcohol""Ribera Del Duero is one of my favorite regions for big red wines (and a spot Im dying to visit). Just take a look at some of our recent features on this area: Reveling in the Wine of Ribera Del Duero Plus 3 Top Value Picks From This Region Bodegas Cuevas Jimenez Ferratus A0 2011 - Seriously Fun. Bodega Matarromera Crianza 2008 - A Big Wine From The Place That Does It Best. But hold on -- Ribera Del Duero is not 100% big red wines. As evidence I present to you todays delighful rosé that is a perfect match for summer.   The 2012 Bodegas Penalba Lopez Finca Torremilanos Monte Castrillo Rosado begins with aromas of strawberry, citrus and few light mineral notes. Tasting the wine reveals more citrus, plus a good dose of watermelon and a touch of sea salt. This is a dry rosé that is not very sweet but features lots of good fruit and good acidity. At the end the fruit turns a bit tart and some mineral notes also come to forefront. And while the finish may be on the short side, it certainly entices you to take another sip. Excellent.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130731"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Monte Castrillo Rosado"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/monte-castrillo-rosado.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
339,"   When it comes to Zinfandel, old is the new black.   Zinfandel from Contra Costa County, California.  SRP of $16 and available for $11 at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""For the last century, Clines Ancient Vines have been rooting deep in the sandy soils of Contra Costa Countys Oakley vineyards. Warm, sunny days and cool nights along the San Joaquin and Sacramento Rivers provide the unique growing conditions that produce robust, intense fruit. With bold flavors of black cherry, strawberry, and a hint of dark chocolate, this luscious Zinfandel is full-bodied but smooth.  14.5% Alcohol""Weve talked many times about old vines and why they are rightly valued (see here and here), but still I had to chuckle at the designation ""Ancient Vines"" on todays wine, as if old just didnt cut it. And while there is no standard for what can be designated ancient or old, todays wine actually does seem to meet the smell test coming from vineyards up to 100 years old.   The 2012 Cline Ancient Vines Zinfandel begins with abundant aromas of wild strawberry and a touch of smoke. The wine tastes smooth and nice with more rich strawberry, a little spice and a bit of chocolate. Its not one of those over-the-top Zins that are so popular right now, but a bit more sublime and we enjoyed it quite a bit. It ends with lots of fruit and good length on the finish. Highly recommended especially at only $11.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130807"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Cline Ancient Vines Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/cline-ancient-vines-zinfandel.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
340," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     A high octane wine perfect for the summer grilling season.   Zinfandel from Lodi, California.  SRP of $20 and available to NakedWines.com Angels for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Dear Angels,   I have been lucky enough to be the head of winemaker at a small award winning Californian winery but Ive always hankered after the opportunity to make my own special wines.  So thank you for stepping in and supporting me, as without your financial support, it simply wouldnt happen!  I hope you enjoy it and please let me know what you think at NakedWines.com/fstephenmillier.  Cheers  14.5% Alcohol""Were big fans of wines from Lodi, California here at The Reverse Wine Snob and while there is a surprising amount of variety to be found in this region, theres no better value than Zinfandel. But dont take our word for, even the winemakers themselves told us so. After tasting a whole lot of Lodi wine over the last couple years, we tend to agree.  The 2012 F. Stephen Millier Angels Reserve Zinfandel begins with jammy, dark berry fruit aromas along with licorice, cola, pepper, a little vanilla and bramble. Tasting this classic Zin reveals much of the same: lots of jammy fruit, a good dose of bramble, black pepper, spice, licorice, vanilla and oak. A fairly big, high octane wine that will go great with BBQ sauce and grilled meat, this Zin is a great choice for the summer grilling season. It ends with good length and that same mix of flavors lingering nicely.  Want to try NakedWines.com for yourself? We have a special deal for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob that will get new sign-ups $100 off a purchase of $160:   Check out all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here.   Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140611"",  ""title"" : ""2012 F. Stephen Millier Angels Reserve Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/f-stephen-millier-angels-reserve-zinfandel.html"" };     This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
341,"   Ripe, fresh and juicy Sangiovese from Tuscany in a 1 Liter box.   100% Sangiovese from Tuscany, Italy. Made with organic grapes.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12 for a 1 Liter Tetra Pak. Sample submitted for review.  From the box: ""This wine expresses the classic qualities of Italian Sangiovese - intense ruby red with hints of purple; aromas of cherry and red plums, and spice; on the palate its fresh and fruity, medium-bodied and well balanced, with a juicy acidity and a long finish.  As a winemaker I was drawn to Italy out of a love for Sangiovese, Tuscany and the distinctiveness of Italian wines. Enjoy this delicious ready to drink Sangiovese, in an environmentally conscious package, from vineyards farmed organically by passionate growers!  13.5% Alcohol""OK, perhaps a bit of a cheat today in our box wine series as this selection only comes in a 1 Liter Tetra Pak and not a 3L box like the others weve featured, but the Tetra Pak offers many of the same advantages so we decided it has a place in this series. (Plus, its just darn tasty wine.)  The 2012 Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese begins with a fabulous bouquet of red cherry, plum and spice. The medium-bodied wine tastes really delicious and features nice, ripe, fresh and juicy red and black cherry fruit with good touches of spice. The finish is dry, fruity, spicy and long. Overall this is an excellent, easy drinking wine that tastes just like a good Chianti. With nice acidity as well, its a great pick for pizza night.  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141107"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/the-best-box-wines-fuori-strada-off-road-sangiovese.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
342," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     A great example of one of the best values in wine, Petite Sirah.   Petite Sirah from Lodi, California.  SRP of $26 and available to NakedWines.com Angels for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""NakedWines.com Angels give ""to put your money where your mouth is"" an entirely new meaning. They support me to live out my passion and carve out my legacy, and all I have to do is give them delicious wine in return.  You put so much faith in me, and I hope youll find I put everything I could into the quality of this wine. Thank you, Angels.  13.6% Alcohol""The 2012 JC Van Staden Petite Sirah begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, spice and licorice. Tasting the wine reveals tons of delicious savory fruit, really well integrated spice and more delicious licorice notes. Better yet, it just just keeps getting better the more air it gets. It ends dry with a long, grippy finish. Petite Sirah is one of our favorite varieties and this one certainly does not disappoint!  If youd like to try NakedWines.com for yourself we have a special deal for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob that will get you $100 off a purchase of $160:   Check out all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here.   Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140604"",  ""title"" : ""2012 JC Van Staden Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/jc-van-staden-petite-sirah.html"" };     This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
343,"   Our latest Pinot Noir for the 99.   99% Pinot Noir and 1% Cabernet Sauvignon from California.  SRP of $15 and widely available for around $12. 49,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.   From the bottle: ""Like a new cover of your favorite song, our Pinot Noir is unexpected, mysterious and wonderfully familiar - all at the same time. We make the wine from small clusters of tiny, dark berries that give it zesty black cherry character and intriguing notes of spice. Enjoy this wine with pork tenderloin or last nights leftovers - either way, its a Goode choice.   We take our wines seriously...ourselves, not so much.   13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Murphy-Goode California Pinot Noir begins with aromas of black cherry, cola and a little vanilla. It sounds simple, but its actually quite nice and better than the sum of its parts. Tasting reveals flavors fairly similar to the nose with a smooth, soft texture. Its pretty straightforward as far as Pinot Noir goes, but hey, straightforward Pinot Noir is pretty darn good. It ends dry with lingering sour cherry notes as well as some hints of cranberry and black tea. At only $12, this is another great Pinot Noir for the 99!   You may also want to check out our interview with Murphy-Goode winemaker Dave Ready Jr. here.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140320"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Murphy-Goode California Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/murphy-goode-california-pinot-noir.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
344,"   Juicy, spicy and tasty Shiraz.   92% Shiraz and 8% Grenache from McLaren Vale, Australia.  SRP of $18 and purchased for $12 at Costco. Imported by Precept Wine.   From the bottle: ""Red Knot: a rich wine from the McLaren Vale region of South Australia. Known for its beautiful scenery, Mediterranean climate and award winning wines, McLaren Vale vineyards produces grapes that are rich in flavour and filled with distinctive characteristics.  Vibrant in colour and highly aromatic, this intensely varietal Shiraz displays ripe strawberry and blackberry fruit and is subtly framed with American and French oak.  14.0% Alcohol""The first thing that stands out about this wine is not the wine itself or even the label, but the unusual closure called a zork:    ""Zork. Its Australian for cork.""   The Zork is popular with home winemakers and its also the first resealable closure for sparkling wines. Opening is as simple as tearing off the spiral strip and then popping the plastic cork (which you can later use to reseal the bottle). In keeping with our stance against wine snobbery, the Zork is just fine with us.  The 2012 Red Knot Shiraz By Shingleback smells jammy with lots of black cherry and plum aromas but youll also find secondary notes of licorice, vanilla and just a hint of dark chocolate. Tasting also reveals lots of jammy fruit in this medium-bodied wine as well as some really nice spice, good acidity and fine tannins that make this easy and fun to drink. It ends with even more jammy fruit along with some oaky notes. That hint of dark chocolate from the nose also returns to wrap things up nicely. This one will make a great match with barbecue!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140218"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Red Knot Shiraz By Shingleback"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/red-knot-shiraz-2012-by-shingleback.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
345,"   You Betcha!   Riesling from Finger Lakes, New York.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The classic Riesling grape consistently makes outstanding wines in the cool climate of the Finger Lakes Region of New York. With elegant floral aromas and a clean crisp finish, this drier style of Riesling is versatile with many foods. Try it with shellfish appetizers, poultry or even Chinese dishes.  12.0% Alcohol""Were big fans of Riesling from the Finger Lakes here at The Reverse Wine Snob and today were featuring one from one of the largest and most award winning wineries in the region, Swedish Hill Winery.   The 2012 Swedish Hill Winery Dry Riesling (2011 vintage pictured) begins with aromas of pear, green apple and lots of lovely floral notes. The wine tastes really delicious with more green apple and pear flavors as well as lime and a touch of tropical fruit. Its just sweet enough with plenty of fruit, a nice lively texture and good acidity. This one should pair quite easily with lots of different foods. Another fantastic Finger Lakes Riesling!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140318"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Swedish Hill Dry Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/swedish-hill-dry-riesling.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
346,"   Meet Pedro Ximenez: A grape varietal long used in the production of brandy and sherry makes a surprisingly delicious wine.   100% Pedro Ximenez from Elqui Valley, Chile.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. 500 cases imported by Vine Connections. Sample submitted for review. Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""In the northern edge of Chile lies the Elqui Valley, a place of bright days and cold nights. Its perfect for growing grapes and gazing at what the Incas called Mayu -- the river of stars in the Milky Way. For this reason, you will see eight observatories here, all studying the heavens.  A stylish white wine, with appealing aromas of lemon and lime, balanced by fresh acidity. Long finish and mineral character makes this an excellent match for shellfish and seafood.  12.5% Alcohol""The Elqui Valley is one of the newest regions for producing wine in Chile. In fact Vina Mayu, which was started in 2005, was the first winery in the valley. How then does todays wine come from 70 year old vines when the winery is so much younger?  Its simple really -- the Elqui Valley has long been known for producing the best grapes for Pisco. Pisco is a type of grape brandy made in Peru and Chile. One of the primary grapes they use is Pedro Ximenez. (This variety is also planted in Spain where it is used in sherry.)  In researching this new to me grape I read that it is generally considered not to be suitable for table wines due to a lack of acidity. Whether that is overcome by the unique conditions of the Elqui Valley, the age of vines, or something else altogether I dont know, but I do know that there was no evidence of a lack of acidity in todays wine.  The 2012 Vina Mayu Pedro Ximenez begins with pleasant aromas of citrus, lime and a streak of almost fresh smelling minerals (if its possible for minerals to smell fresh). The wine tastes really delicious with similar flavors to the nose and features a fresh, bright and lively mouthfeel with some nice underlying minerality. It ends crisp and tasty with the citrus turning tart and that fresh minerality continuing. A refreshingly refreshing wine that is just a delight to drink!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140409"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Mayu Pedro Ximenez"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/mayu-pedro-ximenez.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
347,"   Chile shows its range (again).   100% Viognier from Limari Valley, Chile.  SRP of $12 and available for $11. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Southern Wine Group.  From the bottle: ""Tabali winery is found at the edge of the Valle del Encanto (the Enchanted Valley) in the Limari Valley, Chiles northernmost wine producing region. The region owes a great deal of its mystical heritage to the ancient cultures of the Molle and the Diaguita tribes. Tabali winery has adopted many of the cultural references as its own.  The Mediterranean climate and cool summer temperatures makes it the perfect vine growing region. The coastal breezes blow in from the pacific to cool down temperatures inland.  The Tabali Reserva Viognier is wonderfully aromatic with citrus and floral notes. The dry, fruit driven palate is round and full flavored. Citrus fruit, apricot and pear mingle with gentle acidity to make this a very balanced and elegant wine.  13.5% Alcohol""As weve noted many times in the past, Chile has surprising range when it comes to wine. The land of Carmenere can do much more their signature variety. Whether it be red blends, Riesling, Malbec, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Noir, Chardonnay or more, weve been consistently impressed with the quality and the price of wines coming from this region. Today we add Viognier to the list.  The 2012 Vina Tabali Reserva Viognier begins with a nicely aromatic nose of apricot, grapefruit, lemon, lime and a few floral notes. The first sip reveals a very tasty wine with lots of bright acidity. Tangy citrus, honey and apricot flavors combine in an almost creamy texture. It ends long and clean. This is a really delicious wine with nice complexity and a high quaffability factor.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131120"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Vina Tabali Reserva Viognier"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/vina-tabali-reserva-viognier.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
348,"   A wine (and a variety) thats easy to love.   100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.   From the bottle: ""Variety: 100% Albariño sourced from the winerys own vineyards.  Fermentation: fermented in stainless steel vats, with temperature controlled.   Appearance: attractive straw color with hints of green in the rim. Clean and brilliant.   Nose: very expressive and harmonious nose. Fine notes of white fruit (green apples, pear) and lemony aromas. Hints of herbs (basil) and flower blossom base notes. Surprising aromatic intensity.  Palate: Fresh with good structure and the same fruit characters as found on the nose. Slightly balsamic finish.  Paco & Lola make a Divine Duo with sushi, pastas, fish, rice dishes, white meats, seafood, fish and shellfish stews.  12.5% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were not afraid to admit that we have a bit of a love affair with Albarino. And why not? As we detailed in this post, Albarino is made for summertime sipping on the patio.   The best spot in the world for Albarino is Rias Baixas (ree-ahs-buy-shuss) where it accounts for 90% of the grapes grown. Todays producer, Paco & Lola, is the third largest in the region and by itself accounts for 8% of the Albarino production in Rias Baixas.  The 2013 Paco & Lola Albarino begins with very pleasant notes of pear, peach, apple, a little tropical fruit and light floral and herbal notes. The wine tastes really delicious with refreshing tangy citrus and tropical fruit. It also has good acidity, a lively and silky texture and excellent touches of sea salt minerality. It ends with good length, lemon and more sea salt minerality. This is a major quaffer that still has pretty good complexity -- were in love!  Want to find more wines like this? Check out some of our other favorites from Rias Baixas: Salneval Albarino 2010 - An Albarino A Day Keeps The Heat At Bay Bodegas Fillaboa Albarino Rias Baixas 2010 - Albarino Is Good Vino Licia Rias Baixas Albarino 2010 - A Summer Staple Valminor Albarino 2010 - Fresh, Smooth and Satisfying Lastly, you can also find a pretty good Albarino in California: Bonny Doon Vineyard Central Coast Albarino 2011 - Silky, Salty and Seductive. A study in salinity.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140729"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Paco & Lola Albarino"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
349,"   A unique and delicious entry in this years Holiday Sparklers series!  Rosé Sparkling Wine made from primarily Prosecco with a splash of Merlot from Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Story: Bubbles are for celebrating, but you can celebrate with these pink bubbles any day! This is a traditional dry sparkling Rose wine that will add a little color to any toast or gathering of friends.  Taste: Pale pink in color, with a charming effervescence. This bubbly is elegantly fruity with notes of strawberries, passion fruit, and rose petals. Fresh and clean with pleasant acidity, this is a sparkling wine that will make any occasion a jovial one.  11.5% Alcohol""Prosecco, which is officially a region and not a grape (as of a few years ago), is made from the Glera grape. It is produced primarily in the Veneto and Friuli Venezia Giulia regions in Italy. In the early 2000s it caught hold in the U.S. market and has become quite popular.  Since Prosecco is a green grape, you may be wondering how todays wine can be a rosé. That happens thanks to the addition of a small amount of Merlot which makes this wine somewhat of a rarity in the U.S. market, but it also really helps it to stand out from the crowd.   The 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé begins with a really beautiful aroma of strawberries, watermelon jello before you refrigerate it (ah, the good old days!) and flowers. The wine tastes delicious! Its not too sweet but has plenty of fruit -- primarily strawberry, bing cherry and a little apple. This crisp and fresh wine also has good acidity and just the right amount of bubbles. The addition of Merlot adds a fun and interesting twist to a super easy to drink wine that would be fabulous for your Holiday table!  Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava  Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler  Also check out the 12 recommended sparkling wines from last years series!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121113"",  ""title"" : ""90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/90-plus-cellars-lot-49-sparkling-rose.html"" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
350,"   Smooth, crisp and tasty.   A non-vintage blend of Pinot Gris, Riesling, Muscat, Muller-Thurgau, Gewurztraminer, Chardonnay, Semillon, Pinot Blanc and Sylvaner.   The wine is made by Sokol Blosser in Dundee, Oregon but labelled as an ""American White Wine"" since the grapes are sourced from three states (OR, WA and CA). This is the 17th Edition. SRP of $18 and available for as low as $11 at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Intention: With over 40 varietals to choose from, what insight led to just the precise amount of 9 of them to form Evolution? Good question.  Happenstance? Coincidence? Chaos? Not a chance. This bottle you hold is a deliberate, pre-meditated attempt to advance the entire wine universe a notch or two. Grandiose? Perhaps, but without evolution wed be slime crawling in ooze and that doesnt sound too appetizing.  Luck: Your lucky party... EWhite and ERed show up.  As luck would have it, a random number of varietals took a liking to each other and decided to become a lush, off-dry, somewhat tropical wine with a crisp finish. Go figure.  Chill. Pour. Sip. Chill. Think about how you might evolve.  12.0% Alcohol""Were normally not big fans of non-vintage wines here at The Reverse Wine Snob. The primary reason is that vintage variation is a real thing. Wines can be great one year and so-so (or worse) the next. When theres no vintage it becomes hard to recommend a bottle because theres no telling if someone else buying the wine is getting the same thing you tasted.  Today were making an exception because we also enjoy winemakers who dont follow the normal rules. The Evolution White is what you might call a mega-blend coming from multiple states and, I presume, vintages; however, they also indicate an ""edition"" so that people like me can rest easy. And just the fact that the wine has been around long enough to have a 17th edition is a clue that they are up to something good.    The Sokol Blosser Evolution White begins with pleasant aromas of citrus, honeysuckle, a bit of tropical fruit and perhaps a hint of vanilla cream. The wine tastes smooth, crisp, refreshing and oh so tasty. Deep flavors of citrus, nectarine, green apple and pear plus a round, soft mouthfeel combine with just the right amount of honeyed sweetness and crisp acidity to make a really delicious and very quaffable wine. Those nine varieties add a lot of layers that are quite fun to discover. It ends clean and long. A great wine to pair with spicy Asian dishes.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140425"",  ""title"" : ""Sokol Blosser Evolution White"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/sokol-blosser-evolution-white.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
351,"   Surprisingly complex for $6.   85% Tempranillo and 15% Shiraz from Castilla y Leon, Spain.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $6.   From the bottle: ""Penascal Estate Seleccion Especial or Special Selection is a rich, full bodied and complex wine. We have hand picked Tempranillo and Shiraz fruit from the very best plots at the Penascal Estate. Enjoy with ""tapas"" and many barbeque and oven roasted dishes such as lamb.  13.5% Alcohol""Lets face it, when youre covering wine under $20 and especially under $10 most of what youre tasting are fairly recent vintages. Many of the wines produced at this price point are made to drink young. Wines that are aged in casks, barrels or even in bottles for a number of years inevitably cost more. (Cellar space comes with a cost.)   One of the refreshing things about Spain (Rioja in particular comes to mind) is their penchant for ageing wine before releasing it. Todays wine is one such example. And while this one has been available for a couple years, its quite unusual (in the U.S. at least) to find a 2006 vintage wine for under $10 that has not already passed its prime drinking window.  The 2006 Penascal Estate Seleccion Especial Tempranillo-Shiraz begins with a smoky aroma featuring blackberry and cranberry. Tasting the wine reveals lots of sour fruit and a bit of nicely done spice along with a little smoked meat and black olive. Both the sour fruit and the spice last well into the dry finish. And while it may be a somewhat simple wine it still has surprising complexity for $6. Likely to be a crowd pleaser.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130815"",  ""title"" : ""2006 Penascal Estate Seleccion Especial Tempranillo-Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/penascal-estate-seleccion-especial-tempranillo-shiraz.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
352," [Check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     A perfect partner for a pizza!   85% Sangiovese, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Syrah from Tuscany, Italy.  Purchased for $5.99. Available exclusively at Trader Joes.  From the bottle: ""In 1967, one year before I was born and two years before Woodstock and the first Moon-walking, my uncle Giorgio blended the first Toscana using a special ageing method that is still used today in our Grifone cellar to obtain a fruity, soft and smooth Sangiovese based ""Supertuscan"" from grapes selected on the Tyrrhenian coastal vineyards.  12.5% Alcohol""Cheap Italian red wines like todays selection is an area where Trader Joes really excels. Well have several more for you in this weeks series but first lets review where weve been:  Wine in the Trader Joes Week series: Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #1.  Plus The Trader Joes Pricing Strategy Revealed!  Cheap and Refreshing White Wines - Trader Joes Week Wines #2 and #3 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana 2009 - Trader Joes Week Wine #4. A perfect partner for a pizza! Pontificis GSM Blend 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #5. A GSM blend for the masses!  Brunello and Barbaresco On The Cheap - Trader Joes Week Wines #6 and #7. The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  TJs Classics - Trader Joes Week Wines #8, #9 and #10. The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.  Also be sure to check our Costco Week series for another source of great, inexpensive and widely available wine! The 2009 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana catches your attention the moment you uncork it thanks to the very strong and pleasant aromas of red and black fruit, a little black pepper, spice and some nice violet notes. Tasting the wine reveals more fruit with the spice and other components taking a back seat. Strawberry and black cherry stand out among the abundance of red and black fruit flavors as well as a hint of red licorice. This soft and smooth wine is actually rather one dimensional - its all about the fruit - but it works, and especially so when paired with a pizza. At only $5.99 you really cant ask for much more than this wine delivers. It ends with some mild oaky notes on the medium length finish.   Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130626"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/cantina-del-grifone-1967-toscana-trader-joes.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
353," Cool label, great story, but hows the wine?   Only $4.99 at Trader Joes. 50% Zinfandel, 40% Syrah, 10% Carignane.  From the bottle: Oh erstwhile unstoppable wine market! There are those who have mourned your passing with many a tear, many a boo hoo. But we celebrate the generosity of your death. Those wines which once taunted us from beyond our price range now pour happily--affordably, deliciously, attainably--into our glasses, thanks to you. A toast to failed predictions! To bloated, insupportable markets! Heres to the Benefactor! Benefactor Cellars 2009 Red Wine Mendocino County.   14.9% alcoholSo after seeing the the label and hearing the story, how IS the wine? Not too bad. Not too bad at all.  I found this wine to be fairly smooth but with a tad too much heat on the finish from the high (14.9%) alcohol level. The wine opens up a bit after a couple hours. Its got a bit of a peppery spice to it (from the Syrah probably), which is a little bit reminiscent of the Boom Boom Syrah. Overall, very nice for only $4.99. Id like to give this one a higher rating, but theres just too much heat at the finish for me. Otherwise it really is quite nice. If you like your wine with a little extra heat, this may be a bulk buy for you.  TJs wine notes has a bit more info on the producer of this wine here.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110228"",  ""title"" : ""2009 DnA Vineyards Benefactor Cellars Mendocino County"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
354,"  100% Merlot from California.  SRP of $9 and available for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Our California Merlot has aromas of concentrated wild strawberries and tea leaf, with a touch of herbaceous sage for extra complexity. On the palate, this wine has classic Merlot character, with bright cranberry and cherry flavors and a light herbal note, expertly balanced with integrated oak and hints of milk chocolate. Medium-bodied with moderate tannins, the zesty acidity makes this an excellent wine for food-pairing.  13.9% Alcohol""Being from Minnesota its hard not to like the loon, our state bird. Sitting near one of our many lakes at dusk, listening to them call and watching them dive underwater and then scanning the surrounding area to see how far and how long they swim before they pop up again is almost a rite of passage. What exactly, then is a ""Smoking Loon""? I have no idea, although a glass of wine would certainly be a nice complement to loon watching. And todays wine would be a very good and economical choice.   The 2009 Smoking Loon California Merlot begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry and spice plus a little vanilla and dried herbs. The wine tastes smooth and flavorful with smoky tannins and sweet and juicy red and black berries. That sweet fruit and some spicy oak flavors resolve into lingering chocolate notes on a surprisingly long finish. Really just a very nice and very drinkable wine at a great price.  Also check out our review of the Smoking Loon Pinot Noir from our Hunt for the Best Pinot Noir Under $20 series!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120206"",  ""title"" : ""Smoking Loon California Merlot 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
355,"  100% Pinot Noir from California.  SRP of $9 and available for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Besides his bein kinda crazy, they called him the Smoking Loon cause he was so dam efficient, Jake began, stubbing out his cigar. Hed take care of business an get in an out before anybodyd see him comin...leavin no trace cept the lingerin sound of his eerie, loon-like cackle. No one was really sure who he was or who he worked for, but when word got out someone needed his services, the Smoking Loon just appeared on their doorstep, like outta thin air or somethin.  13.8% Alcohol""The 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir begins with jammy aromas of red berries and a little baking spice. The wine tastes of dark berries with flavors like blackberry, raspberry and cranberry plus some underlying earthy notes that give way to nice kick of spice. That spice intensifies on the finish and then your left with lingering tart fruit notes. Really very nice and I love the price.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111223"",  ""title"" : ""Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir "
356,"  100% Torrontés from Tulum Valley, San Juan, Argentina.   Limited free shipping wine deals on 12 or more bottles.SRP of $9 and available for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy Palm Bay International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Embraced by mountains and warmed by the sun, Bodegas Callia is located in Tulum Valley in Argentinas Province of San Juan. The regions desert climate  -- characterized by ample sunshine, low humidity and desirable temperature variation -- coupled with the areas sandy alluvial and clay loam soils, produces intensely fruity wines of distinctly Argentine personality.  Bright yellow wine with greenish tints. A delicate aroma of floral notes of roses and orange trees. Exotic and smooth in the mouth; very fresh, with balanced acidity.  13.5% Alcohol""Ive said it before and Ill say it again, Argentina offers a lot more than Malbec. Among white wines, Torrontés -- a grape native to Argentina-- is one of my favorites, and todays wine is a good example of why, especially when you consider that you can pick this wine up for as little as $6!  The 2010 Bodegas Callia Alta Torrontés begins with a pleasant and perfumed aroma of orange blossom and peach. Tasting the wine shows it to be nicely sweet and fresh with really rich succulent flavors of zesty orange, pineapple, apricot and a little melon plus a touch of honey. Quite a nice combo! It ends with lots of tart citrus zest that lasts a good time.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120625"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bodegas Callia Alta Torrontés"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
357,"  100% Moscato from California. SRP of $7 and available everywhere for $6.  Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Light-bodied Moscato with floral aromas, semi-sweet palate, and a soft, lingering finish.  Crisp, bright aromas balance sweet notes which pair with pad thai, chineses chicken salad or vegetable curry.  Serve chilled now or store away from direct sunlight for up to 2 years after purchase.  10.0% Alcohol""Todays review is a reader request and I have to admit I was a little wary of this one. Ive enjoyed all the FlipFlop wines that Ive tried to date, but the sweetness level put me on alert, thinking we might be dealing with something like a White Zinfandel.   Luckily those fears were unfounded. The 2010 FlipFlop Moscato begins with light floral, citrus, and orange peel aromas. The wine tastes...Sweet! The predominant flavors are apricot, peach, orange zest, and honey with some pineapple on the finish. Theres also a nice little bit of underlying minerality. A soft light-bodied wine that goes down easy. One sweet little number -- figuratively (the taste) and literally (the price).  Other FlipFlop Wines reviewed: 2010 Pinot Noir 2010 Pinot Grigio 2010 Riesling  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110929"",  ""title"" : ""2010 FlipFlop Moscato"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
358,"   SRP of $7, available widely for $6.   Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:  ""Medium-bodied, structured Pinot Noir with bright cherry, sweet spice and a supple, velvety finish.  Cola aromas and hints of vanilla pair with grilled mahi mahi, bacon-wrapped shrimp or chocolate cookies.  Serve at room temperature now or store away from direct sunlight for up to 2 years after purchase.  13.5% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob, we usually dont talk a lot about a wines label, but on occasion it does merit a little discussion. Heres one such instance simply because the winery does such a good job. Take a look:  Lots of info about the wine, pairing with food, and serving...nice job. I especially like that the pairing info includes at least one example of an everyday food (chocolate chip cookies).  FlipFlop Wines are also notable in that they are donating a pair of shoes to people in need for every bottle of wine purchased (up to 100,000 bottles). To do this, they have partnered with Soles 4 Souls, an organization committed to supplying shoes to victims of suffering. Pretty cool especially considering the low price point on this wine.  So to recap we have a great price, a nice informative label, and support of a great cause. But the most crucial question is how does the wine taste? Lets find out...  The 2010 Flipflop Wines Pinot Noir exhibits aromas of black cherry, plum, and dried herbs (sage). It tastes of black cherry cola with a little spice. This wine is fairly smooth and medium-bodied. It ends with a little bit of a spicy finish that is slightly dry. This is a nicely balanced wine and a bit spicier than typical Pinot Noir, which I liked quite a bit. Quite a nice surprise at only $6 and this one may very well find a spot in the next Top 10 list.  Also, be sure to check out the reviews of the 2010 FlipFlop Pinot Grigio, the 2010 FlipFlop Riesling and the 2010 FlipFlop Moscato.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110711"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Flipflop Wines Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
359,"   Simple but good and really cheap.   A blend of 25.5% Touriga Franca, 22.5% Tinta Roriz, 16.5% Tinta Amarela, 10.5% Tinta Barroca, 8.5% Tinto Cao, 8% Sousao, 6.5% Tinta Francisca and 2% Touriga Nacional from Baixo Corgo and Cima Corgo, Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $8 and available for as low as $6. Imported by SFW USA. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Deep ruby colour with violet hints. Vibrant and fruity nose, with a modern and spicy style, involving harmoniously notes of cherries and bilberry. In the mouth is fresh, fruity, well-structured, showing an excellent balance.  Ideal to be served with red meat, cheese and roast fish and a temperature between 16 and 18C.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Sogevinus Doural Tinto begins with a simple but nice aroma of black cherry and a bit of spice. Tasting reveals a nicely balanced, light to medium-bodied wine with tasty tart fruit and a very smooth texture. It closes with a surprisingly good finish for a $6 bottle of wine with some pleasant spice notes and good length. A table wine youll be happy to have at your table!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140327"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Doural Tinto"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/doural-tinto.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
360," Includes an amazing deal to buy the wine from our favorite sponsor!     Easy to drink and likely to please.   Petite Sirah from Central Coast, California.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $6. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Since 1883, Concannon Vineyard has been handcrafting fine varietal wines from grapes grown along the Central Coast of California, a diverse region from Santa Barbara to the San Francisco Bay. We carefully select the most ideal vineyards and craft this expressive fruit into superb wines.  As the first winery to bottle Petite Sirah in America, we are proud to offer this medium-bodied wine bursting with blueberry flavors that mingle with a hint of spice and toasty oak. Great with lamb stew or  a chocolate torte.  13.5% Alcohol""If youre like us and you love Petite Sirah then todays your day. Not only do we have a recommendation on a great Petite Sirah, but weve got a way for you to get it, along with another of our favorites, at a fantastic price PLUS free shipping. However youll have to act fast as this deal is only good for two days (ends Saturday morning at 9am EST). Read on after the review to get all the details.  The 2011 Concannon Selected Vineyards Petite Sirah begins with a very fruity aroma of raspberry, vanilla and even a little mulberry. The medium-bodied wine tastes smooth with lots of red cherry, cranberry, raspberry and black cherry. Nice spice and vanilla notes flow into the dry finish. Soft tannins help make this wine very easy to drink. A definite crowd-pleaser and a great introduction to this excellent variety.  And now for the deal -- todays wine plus the excellent McManis Petite Sirah are the deal of the day at Marketview Liquor. Each day Marketview selects a wine or two to deeply discount and offer with free shipping on orders of 6 or more bottles. Click HERE to buy these wines for a ridiculous price PLUS free shipping! But act fast, this deals expires at 9am EST on Saturday 9/28!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = { ""id"" : ""5501784"", ""unique_id"" : ""20130926"", ""title"" : ""2011 Concannon Selected Vineyards Petite Sirah"", ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/concannon-selected-vineyards-petite-sirah.html"" };       This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
361,"   Hard to beat for only $5!   100% Malbec from Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $5. 1.5L bottles are also available at Costco for well under $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Concha y Toro invites you to explore the new frontier of Argentinean wine. Discover and enjoy the unforgettable taste of Frontera. Our full flavored dry wines are made from the same noble grape varieties used by the worlds most prestigious producers. Ready to enjoy now, Frontera is perfect for toasting any occasion. Along the way, we hope youll also encounter our critically acclaimed premium wines of Marques de Casa Concha and Casillero del Diablo.  12.5% Alcohol""Today we have another wine from a favorite producer, Concha y Toro. Originally just a Chilean winery, Concha y Toro now produces wine in other countries as well, including Argentina. Weve consistently been impressed with the quality to price ratio they offer in wines like: The"
362,"  100% Malbec from Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of around $8. The 1.5L is available at Costco for only $8. Sample received courtesy Banfi Vintners for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""I invite you to experience this intensely deep, unctuous Malbec. Once native to France, Malbec now thrives in the generous and ideal terroir of Mendoza producing what could only be described as the fullest expression of opulence. Distinctive of Argentina, this 100% Malbec offers elegant red fruit, subtle spice and a tantalizing, juicy finish. Sharing is part of our culture so I recommend enjoying this wine with family and friends, paired perfectly with roasted beef, lamb, duck and dishes that hint of spice.  At Xplorador our passion is wine. And, we celebrate life daily by exploring our passion! So, join us...Xplore and experience the excitement of Chile. Experience Xplorador.  13.5% Alcohol""Concha y Toro began as Chilean winery in 1883 and is now a global company. As such todays wine, from the Xplorador line, comes from Argentina. Weve reviewed several other wines from Concha y Toro, and liked them all including two from the Marques de Casa Concha line (a Chardonnay and a Carmenere) and also a meat craving Carmenere from the Casillero Del Diablo line.  The 2011 Concha y Toro Xplorador Malbec begins with a very nice aroma of blackberry, plum and spice. This is certainly a good start. The wine tastes similar to the bouquet. A bit on the simple side but this wine has really nice fruit flavors of plum and blackberry and a smooth texture. It ends with a long, spicy, juicy finish that really pulls it all together. I can see good reason to buy this wine in the 1.5L bottle. Its not overly complex, but its hard not to like. A great, affordable every day wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120717"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Concha y Toro Xplorador Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
363,"   Walking the fine line of oak.   100% Chardonnay from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Indaba is the traditional Zulu forum for sharing ideas. In this spirit we collaborate to produce great wines.  Citrus and tropical fruit aromas lead to a crisp, fresh palate with mouth-filling flavors of apple, pear, honey, and pineapple. A gentle kiss of oak adds a creamy butterscotch nuance and wonderful depth. This versatile white pairs beautifully with salads, egg-based dishes, shellfish and pasta with cream sauce.  World-wide sales of Indaba wines help fund the Indaba scholarship, established to open the wine industry to a new generation of South Africans.  13.0% Alcohol""To oak, or not to oak, that is the question. And your answer to this question is really a matter of personal preference. For myself, I fall more on the fruit side, although I do appreciate a bit of oak aging. So for me todays wine walks almost the perfect balance with a just enough oak to enhance the flavors of the wine without overpowering them and give it just a bit of a creamy texture. In other words, this wine is in the zone.   The 2011 Indaba Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of pineapple, pear, apple and zesty orange. The wine tastes fresh, crisp and slightly creamy with excellent flavors of pear, pineapple and a bit of honey. On the medium length finish the juicy fruit turns tart and tangy with just a few hints of buttery oak poking through. A sure winner for as little as $6.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121022"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Indaba Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/indaba-chardonnay-2011-in-da-zone.html"" };    Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
364,"   Hard to beat for the price.   Pinot Grigio from Vigneti delle Dolomiti, Trentino-Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $9 and available for as low as $6. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Mezzacorona only vinifies Pinot Grigio grapes of its own production cultivated in vineyards at the foot of the Dolomites.  Smooth, fresh and fruity. Perfect for any occasion. The ideal complement to your favourite dish: appetizers, soups, pastas, fish and white meats. Excellent as an apertif.  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Alto Adige, the northernmost wine region in Italy and one of the oldest wine growing areas in Europe. Its an area you dont hear much about, or at least not as much as you should because the wines are simply delicious. For more information on Alto Adige, I encourage you to take a look our recent series on the area.   The 2011 Mezzacorona Pinot Grigio Vigneti delle Dolomiti begins with a pleasant aroma of flowers along with peach, pear, a little honey and a subtle nuttiness. The wine tastes very nice with round, fruity flavors of pear, peach and zesty citrus and features a bright acidity. It ends fresh and clean with good length. Quite easy and pleasurable to drink while also offering more complexity than your typical Pinot Grigio in this price range. Yes, there is an awful lot of Pinot Grigio out there but this one is now on my very short list of favorites under $10.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130305"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Mezzacorona Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/mezzacorona-pinot-grigio.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
365,"   A darn good wine for the price.   Barbera from Barbera dAsti, Asti, Piedmont, Italy.  Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.49. (This wine was labeled as Rocca dellOlmo in previous vintages but with the 2011 vintage theyve tweaked the name to Rosa dellOlmo.)  From the bottle: ""An everyday and easy to drink red wine. Deep ruby red in color, with pleasant and distinctive red fruit notes, it is dry and rich and has a remarkable silky texture.  13% Alcohol""Perhaps our favorite wine from last years Trader Joes series, garnering an impressive 8.8 rating and a"
366,"   The M in GSM takes the stage under a different name and brings down the house.   100% Monastrell from Jumilla, Murcia, Spain.  Purchased for only $5.99 at Costco!  From the bottle: ""The image of the passion flower was chosen for Tarima because the blossom never ceases to amaze and entice people around the world. The vivid colors and complex structure draws you in for a closer look; just as the color and aromas of this wine attract your attention. Made from Monastrell grapes grown on gnarled vines in the rugged, arid climate of Alicante, Tarima blossoms in your glass with notes of licorice, chocolate and a hint of dark violets.  14.5% Alcohol""Monastrell is the Spanish name for Mourvèdre, a variety which is usually high in tannins and alcohol and thus a popular variety to use in blends. Mourvèdre is most commonly relegated to being the ""M"" in the famous Rhone style GSM blends, but it actually has a bit of a popular solo career in areas of Spain under the Monastrell moniker.   Todays wine is a joint venture of Jorge Ordonez who is behind the excellent line of Borsao wines like the Borsao Berola 2008 - Absolutely Fabulous and the Gil family who are famous for making Monastrell in and around Jumilla. They also had a hand in Wednesdays wine, the Atteca Old Vines Garnacha 2010 - Powerfully good Garnacha! So while the Tarima certainly has a good pedigree, at a price well under $10 can it deliver a winning performance?  The 2011 Bodegas Volver Tarima Monastrell begins with really nice fragrant aromas of dark fruit (blackberry and blueberry) along with some excellent floral notes. It smells delicious. The wine tastes smooth with a silky texture, juicy fruit, bright acidity and lots of mineral notes including some lightly chalky tannins. You can almost taste the limestone the vines were grown in! It ends dry with good length and more dark fruit and minerality. Dont think $6 goes very far in todays wine world? Think again!  Wine in the 2013 Costco Week Series! Wine #1: Bodegas Barco de Piedra Tempranillo 2011 - Tastes like a lot more than $10! Wine #2: Kirkland Signature Malbec 2011 - Plenty good, but its not a pop and pour proposition.  Wine #3: Atteca Old Vines Garnacha 2010 - Powerfully good Garnacha! BULK BUY! Wine #4: La Massa Toscana 2010 - More Massa for me please. BULK BUY! Wine #5: Tarima Monastrell 2011 - The M in GSM takes the stage under a different name and brings down the house.  Wine #6: Castello Banfi Belnero 2009 - A Budget (Quasi-)Brunello  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130222"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Tarima Monastrell"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/tarima-monastrell-2011-costco.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
367,"   A very versatile vino!  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Valle del Maule, Chile.  SRP of $11 and available for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This zesty Sauvignon Blanc has fresh aromas reminiscent of lemons, gooseberries as well as those of tropical fruits. In the mouth, the wine shows a crisp ripe acidity and good persistence of flavour on the finish. Best served chilled.  13.0% Alcohol""Weve uncovered a number of excellent and affordable wines from Chile starting with our Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carmenere and followed by our Tour of Chile Part 2 series on Coastal Whites. In the latter series we uncovered Chile as a great region for Sauvignon Blanc and we affirm that discovery again with todays wine.  The 2011 TerraNoble Central Valley Chile Sauvignon Blanc begins with a slightly musty aroma of melon, peach and tropical fruit along with perhaps a whiff of grassiness. The wine tastes nice and fresh with clean and zesty fruit flavors of lemon and tropical fruit and features good acidity. It ends with more zesty citrus and has great length. A very nice all-around wine that is quite flexible, which makes this a fabulous find for only $6!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120831"",  ""title"" : ""2011 TerraNoble Central Valley Chile Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/terranoble-sauvignon-blanc-2011.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
368,"   A No-Brainer for $5.99  100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Tilia, the Latin name for Linden, is a traditional tree in Mendoza whose flowers are used to make a relaxing herbal tea, enjoyed after a long days work among the vines. The choice of this historic tree to represent our wine reflects a commitment to the traditional way of life in Mendoza, where most farmers bike or walk to work and live with their families near the winery and vineyards.  Tilia is sourced from sustainably farmed family vineyards in the Eastern and Southern regions of Mendoza. Tilia Malbec shows concentrated black cherry and plum fruit flavors and aromas with a touch of spiciness and a soft, supple finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Velvet, as in duck soup. You know, a snap. A no-brainer. If you find yourself hemming and hawing at the liquor store not sure what to buy but not wanting to spend a lot of money, todays wine is an easy choice.  The 2011 Tilia Malbec begins with a very nice aroma of plum, black cherry, some herbal mint notes and just a little spice. Tasting the wine shows lots of deep, dark and juicy fruit combined with spicy black pepper that lasts all the way to the finish. This wine is not super complex but it is very easy to drink thanks to its smoothness and soft tannins. It is also able to match up well with a wide variety of everyday foods, from burgers to pasta with red sauce, making it a nice and affordable bottle to have on hand. On the dry finish the fruit turns a bit tangy and black pepper continues.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120920"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Tilia Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/tilia-malbec-2011-velvet.html"" };   Advertise or Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
369,"   Old vines on the cheap!   Garnacha from Calatayud, Aragon, Spain.  Available for only $5.99 at Costco. Imported by Evaki Inc.  From the bottle: ""Calatayud, a hidden treasure.  Vibrant red Grenache offers ripe flavours of blackberry with hints of spice and plum. Enjoy with tortilla, any red meat, some Serrano ham or cheese.  13.5% Alcohol""As weve stated many times before (most recently here) the Calatayud is one of our favorite spots for value wines. Why? One look at todays wine tells you: 80% of the vines used to produce this Garnacha are between 50 and 100 years old. Old vines equals lots of flavor. Lots of flavor equals happy wine drinkers. And $5.99 at Costco equals happy wine drinkers with money left over in their wallets. That said, this wine isnt the best weve had from the Calatayud, but at this price it offers exceptional value.  The 2012 Bodega Virgen de la Sierra Cruz de Piedra Garnacha Tinto begins with tons of ripe, red berries, red currants and red licorice aromas. (Are you sensing a theme here?) When tasting the ripe red tart fruit continues big time adding in some cranberry and a little blackberry. Theres also a very nice spicy streak, good acidity and soft tannins. This wine did not see any time in oak which allows the fruit flavors to really shine yet it still offers surprising complexity for the price. It ends dry with more ripe fruit, a little leather and a nice splash of peppery spice. Heres to old vines on the cheap!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140312"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Cruz de Piedra Garnacha Tinto"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/cruz-de-piedra-garnacha-tinto.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
370,"   Another nice find from Chile.   100% Riesling from Valle Central, Chile.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $6. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Cono Sur vineyard workers travel around our estate by bicycle, tending the vines using natural methods, in order to produce the best quality grapes. Our Bicicleta wines are a tribute to them.  Winemakers Notes: An intensely aromatic wine with citrus fruit and soft white flower aromas together with a palate of grapefruit and mineral flavors.  Food Pairing: This is the perfect wine to serve with seafood and white meat dishes, particularly with Thai influences.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Cono Sur Bicicleta Riesling begins with pleasant floral, grapefruit and other citrus aromas. Tasting the wine reveals flavors of lemon/lime soda, fresh citrus with good acidity and a lively texture with some nice mineral notes. This is a semi-dry, not super sweet, Riesling which is a bit unusual for the price. Its not a blow your socks off kind of wine, but for 6 bucks this is one nice, easy to drink bottle. It ends with a tangy finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131028"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Cono Sur Bicicleta Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/cono-sur-bicicleta-riesling.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
371,"   Surprisingly good for only $3.99 and a great label for your Halloween party.   Primitivo (Zinfandel) from Puglia, Italy.  Available exclusively at Trader Joes (in the U.S.) for $3.99.   From the bottle: ""Zinfandel in America...Primitivo in Italy...Mali Plavac in Croatia...For more than a millenium, the mystery grape of international viticulture travelled all over the world. Grifone is 100% Primitivo from old Zinfandel vines of Puglia region, a result of long study made in conjunction with local growers, trying to rediscover the original concentration of fruit, spices and flavours of this historical grape. Our Primitivo is soft and deep with flavorful vanilla notes and a long finish.  13.0% Alcohol""Today we go back to Trader Joes to sample another of their exclusive wines that falls into what seems to be their sweet spot -- cheap Italian wine. And while California may be the first region to come to mind when thinking of old vine Zinfandel, Italy also has its share, you just may not realize it since it is called Primitivo there. Regardless, old vine anything for only $3.99 raises our eyebrows and so it was with a heavy dose of skepticism that we gave this wine a try.   The 2012 Grifone Primitivo begins with pleasant aromas of cherry, cranberry, spearmint and a little spice. The wine tastes surprisingly not bad for only $4 with a lot of typical Zinfandel qualities. On our first sip we were a bit overwhelmed by all the grape jam, but we liked it more and more the longer it was open. With air, the wine reveals maraschino and sour cherry flavors, cranberry, strawberry, vanilla, a hint of bramble and a little spice that flows into the dry, tart berry infused finish. Just like many other Zins this one would make a nice match for anything drenched in BBQ sauce, and with its bright orange label it makes a great fit for your Halloween parties and hunting trips.   Want more Trader Joes picks? Check our recent Trader Joes Week series or see all of our Trader Joes reviews here!  Available exclusively at Trader Joes in the U.S. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine in other countries here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131009"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Grifone Primitivo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/grifone-primitivo-trader-joes.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
372,"   Just be sure to let it breathe!   A blend of Touriga Franca, Tinta Barroca and Tinto Cao from Douro, Portugal.  Available for $5.99 exclusively at Trader Joes.   From the bottle: ""Tuella is made by the Symington family, in the Douro Valley, from native Portuguese grape varieties. The Symingtons have been making fine Douro wines for over 100 years. Tuella is an excellent example of the new Douro style of table wine which combines the benefits of a mature vineyard with ultramodern winemaking methods.   13.5% Alcohol""Its been awhile since weve featured a Trader Joes pick so today weve got a really nice find from one of our favorite value spots. Were big fans of the wines from Portugal precisely because they fly under the radar of a lot of wine drinkers who assume Portugal is all about Port. As it happens, those same grapes used to make Port also make a heck of a nice table wine. And because recognition for these wines is still growing, prices are great for Reverse Wine Snobs. Combine that with the Trader Joes model which keeps prices low and youve got a winning combination.  The 2012 Tuella Douro by Symington Family Estates begins with a nice mix of fruity and earthy aromas. Dark fruit, a little leather and hints of tobacco and chocolate intermingle nicely after the wine has some time in the glass. The wine tastes pretty darn good AFTER it has a lot of time to breathe -- and we mean a lot, we found it to be at its best on day 2. If you pop and pour this one you are likely to be disappointed; however, if you are patient youll find a nicely structured, medium-bodied wine that will blow most California wines at that same price point out of the water. The dark fruit, tobacco and chocolate notes from the nose carry over when tasting this easy drinker. It ends dry with good length and even has a bit of a mineral streak to it.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140925"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Tuella Douro"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/tuella-douro.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
373,"   A fresh and tasty kitchen sink blend.   A blend of Gruner Veltliner, Gewurztraminer, Viognier, Malvasia Bianca, Sauvignon Blanc and other white varieties from California.  SRP of $20 and available widely for around $17.   From the box: ""Yadda, yadda, yadda, Warden! Break outta the confines of stuffy tradition with this no tool required tradition. Cagney or Robinson would never deem it a dirty box. Big House White is an unpretentious blend from a handful of nonconformist grape varieties. We start with vibrant varietals to make the skeleton, add a fruit-forward blend for a structured mid-palate and top it off with something aromatic. This floral, tropical White more than sing-sings for its supper. Best enjoyed chilled.  13.5% Alcohol""Today weve got our second selection in our Breaking Into the Box series on the best boxed wines. Yesterday we featured a"
374,"   Fresh and full of flavor.   80% Garganega and 20% Pinot Grigio from delle Venezie IGT, Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $17. Imported by MW Imports. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Delight in Duca, the premium range of wines that balance superior quality, authentic Italian varietal character and exceptional taste in an innovative, sustainable package. Produced by one of Italys most respected and progressive wine producers, Duca wines reflect the essence, flavors and breathtaking beauty of the Venezie region.  Premium Duca Garganega/Pinot Grigio is a charming white with a bouquet of green apple, pear and white flowers and delightful crisp flavors of apple and white pear that build on a long, lingering finish. Decant Duca and enjoy chilled as an aperitif or as an accompaniment to appetizers, salads, white meats, sushi and fresh seafood.  12% Alcohol""Despite the prominent positioning of Pinot Grigio on the box this wine is mostly (80%) Garganega, the primary varietal used in Soave -- and thats a good thing. Soave (pronounced So-Ah-Ve) was once an extremely popular wine that fell out of the limelight but is now experiencing a bit of a renaissance.    The 2013 Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio from Cantina di Soave begins with pleasant aromas of green apple, pear, some light floral touches and just a hint of a nutty note. In the mouth youll find a very fresh and tasty wine with good balance. It also has an excellent, full mouthfeel with a smooth, almost creamy, texture that is loaded with flavor. On the finish juicy fruit lingers for quite a while.   Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141103"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/the-best-box-wines-duca-del-frassino-garganega-pinot-grigio.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
375,"   A fresh, light and highly quaffable wine that youll be quite glad comes in a box.   This post brought to you by:    Get the SAVED Red Blend 2012 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   A blend of Antao Vaz, Perrum and Arinto from Alentejo, Portugal.  Available for around $20. Sample submitted for review.  From the box: ""We have combined the best selection of unique local grapes to produce this wine. Blended and bottled by Esporao. The diversity of its origin determines the freshness, balance and versatility of this wine.  The Alandra wines result from the diversity and uniqueness of Portugals grape varieties and our winemakers creative and contemporary approach. We made this wine for daily meals, to be shared along with creamy cheeses, tuna salad, grilled fish, or tempura.  12.5% Alcohol""Weve talked a lot in the past about the extreme value coming out of Portugal, so it seems like a natural spot to look for box wine. Unfortunately, you wont find much available here in the U.S., but pay attention when you do.   Todays wine is a perfect example. Coming from 17-year-old vines grown in granite/schist rock with clay/loam soil, its a blend of three grapes you wont see much of outside of Spain and Portugal. Its also a dry wine which means that the other qualities inherent in the grape really need to shine through since they wont be covered up by a whole bunch of sweet sugar.   The 2013 Esporao Alandra Branco (White) begins with a fruity aroma filled with pear, apple, orange, a little apricot, nice floral notes and a bit of spice. This light-bodied wine tastes simple, fresh and quite good with lots of apple, some zesty citrus and a bit of mango and pineapple. That little streak of spice from the nose carries over as well and there are even touches of sea salt that lead into the dry, medium long finish. This is a fresh, light and highly quaffable wine that youll be quite glad comes in a box.  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141022"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Esporao Alandra White"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/the-best-box-wines-esporao-alandra-white.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
376,"   Another dynamite daily drinker.   A blend of Moreto, Castelao and Trincadeira from Alentejo, Portugal.  Available for around $20. Sample submitted for review.  From the winemaker: ""Entry point wine with a fresh and fruity profile, obtained from blending a wide range of wines to guarantee a consistent quality.  Harvest Year: Excellent year for red wines in this region. The low winter rainfall contributed to a smaller than average grape harvest with deeply concentrated high quality wines.  Soil Type: Granite/schist rock with clay/loam soil.   Average age of vines: 10 years.  13% Alcohol""Todays box comes from one of our favorite Portuguese producers, Esporao. Its also the stablemate to the excellent Esporao Alandra White we featured earlier in this series. Just like that wine, this box is made up of a blend of varieties youve likely never heard of before, but dont let that give you pause, this is one tasty wine.  The 2013 Esporao Alandra Tinto (Red) opens with a pleasant and fruity aroma of black cherry, blueberry, raspberry and just a hint of anise. In the mouth youll find lots of smooth and juicy fruit with touches of spice and leather. This medium to full-bodied wine has good acidity and a surprisingly long and grippy finish. Quite good, this wine makes for a great daily drinker.  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141027"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Esporao Alandra Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/the-best-box-wines-esporao-alandra-red.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
377,"   Made from the delightful, inexpensive and little known Spanish variety of Verdejo.   100% Verdejo from Rueda, Spain.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Misfits Wine Co Cycle Buff Beauty Shiraz 2012 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   SRP of $13 and available for as little as $6. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Shaw Ross International.   From the bottle: ""In 1972, Vinos de los Heredos del del Marqués de Riscal began to reintroduce the Verdejo grape, thereby becoming pioneers and the driving force behind the creation of the Denominacion de Origen Rueda. As a result of their constant evolution, they have managed to develop a vineyard of the highest quality for making their best Vivid Sensations.   Made from the native Verdejo grape, this wine has lovely varietal aromas of flowers and herbs, with a rich yet fresh sensation in the mouth and a slight touch of bitterness on the finish, typical of the variety, giving the Marqués de Riscal wines their very characteristic personality. It is fermented for 20 days in stainless steel vats at a controlled temperature of between 13 and 16C to enhance aromas and freshness.   12.5% Alcohol""Verdejo, a grape native to the Rueda region of Spain, is a variety that while very popular in its home country is grown virtually no where else in the world. And while the wines of Rueda have typically contained Verdejo as just one part of a blend (along with Viura and Sauvignon Blanc) producers are increasingly turning to pure varietal bottlings, showcasing its fresh and aromatic nature.   The 2013 Marques de Riscal Rueda begins with a nicely aromatic nose featuring mango, a hint of banana and other tropical fruit along with apricots and a pleasant herbaceous component. This is a very fresh and tasty wine reminiscent of Sauvignon Blanc. While its not terribly complex theres a ton of sweet fruit (green apple, pear and tropical fruits primarily) along with a nice lively mouthfeel and good acidity. It ends dry with the fruit turning quite tart which leaves your mouth watering for more. Marques de Riscal is one of the producers responsible for reviving Verdejo in the 70s and 80s and from the taste of this wine its easy to see why. Highly recommended!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140923"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Marques de Riscal Rueda"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/marques-de-riscal-rueda.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
378,"   Crisp, clean, classic Sauvignon Blanc.   Sauvignon Blanc from California.  Available exclusively at Target and SuperTarget stores for $16.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the box: ""Wine Cube offers delicious, high quality wine with colors, aromas and flavors providing fresh, full-bodied tastes. We guarantee your last glass will be as fresh as your first.  The Dirt - When it comes to wine, the dirt matters. This classic Bordeaux varietal thrives in Californias prime marine-influenced vineyards where sunny days and chilly nights coax bright flavors and aromas from the grapes.  The Juice -- Our Sauvignon Blanc is dazzlingly sophisticated, but completely down to earth. Tropical aromas lead to bright citrus and melon flavors, with a crisp, refreshing finish.  The Dish -- Chill, then chill out. Incredibly versatile and food-friendly, this wine is lovely with seafood, salads and poultry and makes a refreshing counterpart to spicy Asian or Latin cuisine.  13.0% Alcohol""Box wine is all about portability. Boating, camping, picnics, the beach -- a box beats bottles hands down. The only question is what do you pour your wine into? Bringing anything made of glass can be tricky or even downright dangerous in these situations but before you go the Solo cup route you need to check out my go-to cup for on the go: the govino. Made from light, unbreakable plastic with a handy thumb notch, govino is shaped like a normal (stemless) wine glass. These are way better than a Solo cup or a coffee mug; in fact, we pack a pair whenever we travel even if its just for use in our hotel room.    The govino Decanter, 16oz and 12oz plastic glasses.   Govino is available in 12 and 16 ounce sizes and in sets of 4, 8 or 12 through Amazon. You can even score their new decanter which lets you decant an entire bottle (or 1/4 of a 3L box) to class up your picnic a bit! The next question is of course, what to fill those cups with? Todays selection is a solid choice.  The 2013 Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc begins with pleasant and classic Sauvignon Blanc aromas: lots of lime, a little guava and gooseberry, and a touch of grass. Tasting reveals a crisp, clean and delicious wine with great depth of flavor and just the right amount of sweetness (5.7 g/L of residual sugar to be exact). Flavors of citrus, tropical fruit and melon are tinged with honey and sea salt and wrapped up in a clean, refreshing mouthfeel. Tart fruit and those touches of sea salt linger on the finish. A great example of the variety, this box probably wont last long wherever you decide to take it!  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141030"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/the-best-box-wines-target-wine-cube-sauvignon-blanc.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
379,"   A Fitting Wine for #MalbecWorldDay   Malbec from Chile.  SRP of $7 and available widely for $6. Sample received courtesy Seymour PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Medium to full-bodied Malbec with blueberries and plum, rich tannins and a great depth of finish.   Earthy aromas and firm tannins pair well with pork empanadas, huevos rancheros or coconut curry vegetables.  Serve at room temperature now or store away from direct sunlight for up to 3 years after purchase.  Medium-Dry. 13.0% Alcohol""Were a big fan of flipflop wines here at The Reverse Wine Snob, mainly because they always over-deliver for the price. This is flipflops first Malbec and for this wine the California winery has traveled abroad, but not to where you might expect. Instead of going to Argentina, they traveled a little further west to Chile. I asked flipflop about this and vintner David Georges explained: ""Argentina has adopted Malbec as it’s variety of representation, much like New Zealand’s Sauvignon Blanc and Australia’s Shiraz (Syrah). It is a Bordeaux variety that was virtually unheard of until Argentina put a spotlight on it. The answer is that we find the best sourced fruit for the best price so we can continually offer varietal integrity wines at a highly affordable price. Chile is one of the most respected wine regions in the world (Cabernet Sauvignon is their spotlight) and since Malbec is not their marketing claim to fame we are able to source the same or better quality of Malbec from there than from Argentina to maintain the highly affordable priced flipflop without compromising quality.""I certainly cant complain about that although an unfortunate side effect is that since the wine is sourced from Chile but bottled in California it has to be labeled as non-vintage. This is all part of offering high quality wines at very low prices, which is something I definitely applaud. And given that today is Malbec World Day, a wine that starts in Chile and ends up in California seems to fit the bill perfectly. But before we get ahead of ourselves lets find out what it tastes like!  The flipflop Left Coast Malbec begins with great aromas of plum, raisin, violets and a little cedar. Tasting the wine shows flavors of blueberry and raspberry along with some sour black cherry and cola. This is an easy to drink wine that is definitely not short on flavor. Light but firm tannins add to the drinkability. On the finish some sour black cherry comes through a little stronger and resolves into jammy fruit notes plus a little coffee. Really quite good!  Also, be sure to check out the reviews of the flipflop Pinot Grigio, the flipflop Riesling, the flipflop Moscato and the flipflop Pinot Noir, and well have some more flipflop reviews coming soon!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120417"",  ""title"" : ""Flipflop Left Coast Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
380,"  Sauvignon Blanc from Chile.  SRP of $7 and available for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy flipflop Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Light-bodied, aromatic Sauvignon Blanc with exuberant grapefruit and keylime notes, and a zesty, refreshing finish.  Citrus notes pair well with fish tacos, yogurt spinach dip or artichoke mushroom lasagna.  Serve chilled now or store away from direct sunlight for up to 1 year after purchase.  12.5% Alcohol""The flipflop brand has been on quite a rocket ride since being launched just 18 months ago -- its rare you see a wine brand get such a good level of brand recognition so quickly. They now sell 13 different wines (all at a price point of only $7-$9) as well as two varieties of rum. And it does not appear they are stopping there. As part of Underdog Wine Merchants, which is part of The Wine Group, they have a huge pool of resources to tap for all their operational needs making rapid expansion possible.  flipflop was kind enough to include me on a press trip out to their headquarters in Livermore Valley a few weeks back and I came away very impressed with their commitment to delivering high quality wine at a low price. Now, this is not to say that I dont have concerns in the area of maintaining quality from vintage to vintage. Since flipflop is not a winery at all, just a brand, they source grapes from all over the world to make their wines. Depending on costs and conditions that sourcing will vary from year to year. However, after talking with the flipflops vintner David Georges, who was previously the winemaker at the prestigious Davis Bynum Wines among other places, you cant help but be convinced about his passionate commitment to producing quality wine. And really, when youre talking about wine that you can buy widely for about $6, thats quite refreshing.  Todays wine, the flipflop Sauvignon Blanc is a non-vintage wine, like the Malbec we previously reviewed, because the unfinished wine (which could be from more than one vintage) is imported from Chile, and then bottled in California. Current labeling laws wont allow a vintage to be declared in this situation.   The flipflop Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of grapefruit, lime and mango with just a touch of grassiness. Tasting the wine shows nice citrus flavors along with some zesty fruit. It ends with a good medium-long finish with continuing notes of zesty fruit. This is simply a really nice Sauvignon Blanc at a great price. We drank this one on a hot night on the patio and it was a perfect fit.  The truth is in the bottle and so far flipflops strategy is paying off. If they maintain their current high commitment to quality, there are not a lot of other wines at this price point that can compete.  Also, be sure to check out the reviews of these other flipflop wines: 2010 flipflop Pinot Grigio - Light, Crisp and Just The Right Amount of Sweet flipflop Left Coast Malbec - Flipping Tasty 2010 flipflop Riesling - All Kinds of Sweet  2010 flipflop Wines Pinot Noir - A Tasty Pinot Noir for $6? Stop Laughing & Start Drinking  2010 flipflop Moscato - One Sweet Little Number  And well have a review of one of the flipflop sparkling wines coming soon!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120621"",  ""title"" : ""flipflop Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
381,"  A non-vintage blend of Petite Sirah and Syrah from California.  SRP of $22.99 and available for as low as $20 for a 3 Liter Bag-in-Box. (Equivalent to four standard 750ml bottles.) Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing and McManis Family Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""McManis Family Vineyards tradition has always been to make the highest quality wine, while over delivering on value. Our eco-friendly Jack Tone 3 Liter Box provides that same quality of wine that we put in our bottle. This allows us to pass on the savings to you, with the equivalent of 4 bottles of premium wine - at a very reasonable price.  Our winemakers plan for Jack Tone is to produce the finest red wine possible using any combination of four distinct varietals - Petite Sirah, Syrah, Zinfandel and Petit Verdot with the common goal of quality and ""drinkability"".  We hope you enjoy!  13.5% alcohol""Believe it or not, this is the first boxed wine weve reviewed here at The Reverse Wine Snob. For the value conscious consumer (like us) boxed wines can be a great deal. In addition to the obvious quantity discount, these wines will also typically last for a month or more after opening making them extremely convenient. Todays wine is a new release from McManis Family Vineyards. Well review its white wine counterpart tomorrow.  Despite what the label says the inaugural release of the Jack Tone Vineyards Red Wine Box Bottle Blend only contains two varieties, Petite Sirah and Syrah. In the future the blend could also include Zinfandel and Petit Verdot. And that is the potential downside of this non-vintage blend: theres really no way to know if the wine you have today will be the same as the wine you try in six months or a year. Then again the primary allure here is value. At the equivalent of $5 a bottle, this wine is really inexpensive -- and perhaps surprisingly, quite good.  The Jack Tone Vineyards Red Wine Box Bottle Blend begins with aromas of cranberry, spice, blackberry and vanilla. Those flavors of blackberry and vanilla carry over when tasting this simple, medium-bodied wine. Some light tannins also come into play, mostly on finish. The slightly dry finish also features a little spice and just a hint of mocha. We had several people taste this wine and it was universally liked. A box youll want to break into!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120126"",  ""title"" : ""Jack Tone Vineyards Red Wine Bottle Blend"",  ""permalink"" : """" };   "
382,"   The last selection in our big series on the best box wine.  A blend of Pinot Grigio, Chardonnay, Viognier and Muscat Canelli from California.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""McManis Family Vineyards tradition has always been to make the highest quality wine, while over delivering on value. Our eco-friendly Jack Tone 3 Liter Box provides that same quality of wine that we put in our bottle. This allows us to pass on the savings to you, with the equivalent of 4 bottles of premium wine - at a very reasonable price.  Our winemakers plan for Jack Tone is to produce the finest white wine possible using any combination of four distinct varietals - Pinot Grigio, Chardonnay, Viognier, and Muscat Canelli with the common goal of quality and ""drinkability"".  We hope you enjoy!  12.5% alcohol""The Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend by McManis Family Vineyards begins with a lightly fruity aroma of peach, pear, green apple, lemon/lime and other citrus scents plus a little pineapple and a few floral notes. This light-bodied wine has a bit of creamy texture when tasting and is similar to the Big House White Blend in that it is full of flavor. Crisp and with good acidity, it ends with tart citrus and sweet tropical fruit notes that linger for quite a while.  So there you have it, the conclusion of our series on the best box wines with 17 recommended selections from the list of 75 wines we considered. Well be off for the next few days recovering and then back late next week with more great recommended buys. Cheers!  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141108"",  ""title"" : ""Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/the-best-box-wines-jack-tone-vineyards-white.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
383,"   Everything you want in a box wine, despite what you might suspect from the label.   Riesling from the Pacific Northwest.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the box: ""My House is Your House.  A beautiful aromatic nose filled with pineapple, honeysuckle and peach notes. The juicy palate marries pear and clover honey with ripe banana on the crisp finish.  11% Alcohol""While its hard to draw any conclusions about a wine from its label, there are a few things that raise questions for us. One is a non-vintage status. Not necessarily bad in and of itself, it can mean (especially in inexpensive wine) that the sourcing of the wine can vary quite a bit year to year. Basically the winery is giving itself the leeway to blend wine from different vintages together if necessary. Like I said, this is not necessarily a bad thing, but it does make it awfully hard to judge if the wine you tasted a year ago is going to taste anything like the wine you buy today because you have no idea if it is from the same supply (like you would if it were labeled with a vintage).   Another rule of thumb we follow when buying wine we havent tried before is to look for wines that list a specific region, and the smaller the better. The larger the region, the more wines that were likely blended together -- again not necessarily a bad thing but it makes it hard to know what you are getting year to year. Based on these two things we were a little worried about the ​Original House Wine Riesling before tasting it based on the non-vintage status and the extremely large ""American Wine"" region on the box, but have no fear this is quite a good wine.  A nose with light aromas of pear, honeysuckle and a little pineapple turns into a very flavorful and refreshing wine when tasting. Not too sweet and not too dry, this box has a lot of great Riesling character. Juicy pear, apple, some lemon/lime and a bit of tropical fruit are lightly soaked in honey and a touch of nutmeg. On the finish the juicy fruit turns tart and leaves you with lingering pineapple and continuing nutmeg notes. Refreshing and really easy to drink with lots of flavor, this has everything you want in a box wine despite what you might suspect by looking at the label.  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141024"",  ""title"" : ""&#8203;Original House Wine Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/the-best-box-wines-original-house-wine-riesling.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
384,"   Truly a Pinot Noir For The 99!   75% Pinot Noir and 25% Syrah from Valle Central, Chile.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the producer: ""Flexible enough to go with light or rich fare, this highly versatile Pinot Noir can be readily enjoyed with a variety of cuisines. Excellent dishes to pair with this wine would be fresh grilled turkey burgers, fettuccine with pesto sauce or even chicken enchiladas.  For decades, Don & Sons has forged deeply-rooted relationships in the wine business, both at home and abroad. Pepperwood Grove exemplifies our ability to use this classic négociant wine model to produce exceptional values for the American consumer.  13.5% Alcohol""Were big fans of Pinot Noir here at The Reverse Wine Snob, were just not fans of the ridiculous prices you need to pay for so much of it. So when we find good Pinot in our price range we have a special term for it -- Pinot Noir For The 99! Todays selection, which can be had for the equivalent of a $4.25 bottle, certainly fits the bill.  One other tidbit I found when researching this wine that may be of interest to proponents of natural wine as well as those that complain that ""the sulfites in cheap wine give me headaches"" (which is not true by the way). Almost all wines have SO2 (sulfites) added to them to keep them fresh; however, the maker of todays wine (Don Sebastiani & Sons) actually adds less SO2 to their box wines than they do to bottled wines. (Info found here.)  The reason for this is simply because they expect them to be consumed fairly quickly so they dont need to stay fresh as long. I havent commented on the whole natural wine movement here (basically because I think its a bunch of hooey) but I would be curious to hear how its proponents would react when they found that this inexpensive box wine is ""more natural"" (at least in terms of sulfites) than many more expensive bottled wines. In any case, lets get to the wine, shall we?  The Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, plum, hints of vanilla and a little brown sugar and spice. Tasting reveals a really easy drinking wine that while not totally dry, is a tad less sweet than your average red blend in a box. Good jammy red and black fruit along with touches of spice combine with soft tannins and a smooth mouthfeel to make a surefire crowd-pleaser. It ends mostly dry with tart fruit and even a hint of earthiness. Highly Recommended!  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141029"",  ""title"" : ""Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/the-best-box-wines-pepperwood-grove-big-green-box-pinot-noir.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
385,"  2003 Bodegas Montecillo Gran Reserva, SRP of $25 but lucky for us it can be found for around $17.   Sample received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Founded in 1874, Bodegas Montecillo is one of the oldest wineries in the Rioja region. Montecillo Gran Reserva is created by our winemakers using the finest Tempranillo grapes in years of exceptional harvests. This wine ages at least two years in handcrafted oak barrels and three years in the bottle. It is complex and balanced with black fruit notes. Outstanding with strong cheeses and roasted meats. Serve at 64°F.  13.0% Alcohol""The older I get the more I appreciate the concept of aging - whether it be the wisdom that comes with age, the accumulation of experience, or just the appreciation of classic styling. What once seemed dated and uncool, becomes classic and valuable. The last couple days weve been reviewing the Bodegas Monticello Tempranillo line-up which includes the young 2007 Crianza, the slightly older sibling just beginning to come of age, the 2006 Reserva, and today the older and much wiser Gran Reserva. Lets find out how the oldest of the bunch compares.  The 2003 Bodegas Montecillo Gran Reserva begins with aromas of blackberry, black cherry, vanilla, and sage. The major flavors when tasting are blackberry and black cherry. The Gran Reserva is a very smooth wine with subdued tannins. (If anything its almost too smooth and could use a little more spice, but that would be nit-picking.) This is very nicely balanced wine with a satisfying silky mouthfeel. The medium long finish shows just a touch of sour cherry but this is not nearly as pronounced as the Crianza and Reserva.   While the Crianza and Reserva were both very good wines, the Gran Reserva takes things up a notch. Everything that was disjointed about the other two wines just seems to come together in the Gran Reserva. A much more velvety texture, better integration, and a whole lot of smooth make this easy-to-drink wine stand out. Highly recommended.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110824"",  ""title"" : ""2003 Bodegas Montecillo Gran Reserva"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    In conclusion, I would go with the Gran Reserva first -- it gets the highest rating even though it is the most expensive. Its just better. From there, I would probably go to the Crianza. All three get strong buy ratings, but for me the Reserva didnt quite give enough of a boost over the Crianza to justify the increased price, although both have identical overall rankings so you really cant go wrong with either of them.   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
386,"   A wonderful white Bordeaux.   Sauvignon Blanc and Semillon from Passac Leognan, Graves, Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $18. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""A dark straw color with flecks of green - this is very clean and fresh on the nose with lots of floral and lemon zest. The palate has a nice richness without being heavy. Fig, beeswax and floral are followed by tropical fruits of mango and pineapple.  Enjoy with grilled fish and white meat and soft crusted cheese.  13.5% Alcohol""Its been awhile since weve reviewed a nice white Bordeaux, so today weve decided to rectify that. Almost 90% of all wine in Bordeaux is red, but dont overlook the wonderful and affordable dry white wines. There are a number of different grapes allowed in white Bordeaux but by far the most popular combination is Sauvignon Blanc and Semillon, which is exactly what we have today.   The 2008 Chateau le Thil Comte Clary Blanc begins with very nice aromas of honey, lemon, lots of floral notes and a little apple. The wine has a really wonderful mix of flavors and a pleasing texture when tasting. Those flavors include more honey, citrus and a nice lightly spicy mineral streak that lasts into the refreshing finish which also features some nice long lasting tropical fruit. Delectable!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130416"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Chateau le Thil Comte Clary Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/chateau-le-thil-comte-clary-blanc.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
387,"   A harmonious red blend from Chile that is so smooth, soft and warm its almost comforting.    60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot and 10% Syrah from Maipo Valley, Chile.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $18.   From the winery: ""Finis Terrae is a clear reflection of the Maipo Valley terroir expressed through the finest of Cousinos Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot from each vintage. It is a blend created by tasting hundreds of combinations of Cabernet and Merlot to achieve the ideal balance of fruit, acid, tannin, alcohol and oak.  Due to its high complexity, this wine has a wide range of dishes for pairing. Possessing a great body and structure it’s a great complement for any red meat. The subtlety of aromas and flavors would be a perfect partner for Italian pastries, like a potato and pumpkin gnocchi gratin with Roquefort cheese sauce and parmesan.   13.8% Alcohol""The 2008 Cousino-Macul Finis Terrae begins with a really beautiful aroma. Its not overpowering by any means but the fruit, floral, licorice and tobacco notes blend together seamlessly. In addition there is a distinct aroma of balsam wood, which is a descriptor I dont think Ive ever used before but if you spent any time building models airplanes as a kid its rather unmistakable.  Tasting the wine reveals that it is put together very well and harmonious is probably the best descriptor for it. The primary flavors are a mix of red berry, dark fruit and sweet caramel notes wrapped up in such a smooth, soft and warm texture that its almost comforting. It ends dry with a little pleasant oaky spice coming to the forefront on the long finish. Southern comfort indeed!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130820"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Cousino-Macul Finis Terrae"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/cousino-macul-finis-terrae.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
388,"  100% Barbera from Piedmonte, Italy. SRP of $17 and available at that price.  Sample received courtesy Marquee Selections for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""From The House Of: Marchesi Cattaneo Adorno Giustiniani  The mighty lion has for centuries defined strength, courage, honor and loyalty. Quattro Leoni is an homage to the storied history of four great Italian families and their significant contribution to their home and lands in the hills of Piedmonte.  Each vintage we select only the best estate grown and hand picked Barbera grapes from the Braja vineyard, located just outside the southern side of Castello di Gabiano, for the final cuvée. Rich red raspberries and dark cherries are the showcase of flavors in this intense, yet refined wine; pair with red meats, red sauces, and dry cheeses.  13.5% Alcohol""Barbera is an Italian grape, and actually a very popular one at that. According to Wikipedia it is the third most planted grape in Italy behind Sangiovese and Montepulciano. I havent had a chance to review many of these Italian varieties yet so I was excited to give this one a try, and it certainly did not let me down!  The 2008 Quattro Leoni Vino Rosso Barbera DAsti has a very aromatic and nice nose of plum, black cherry, raspberry, spice, and even a little toffee. The wines taste? Yum. This easy to drink wine has a nice texture with good fruit flavor and light tannins. The predominant fruit notes are black cherry and lots of raspberry. There are also some nice underlying notes of toffee and coffee. A succulent wine with lots of flavors that integrate really well.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110922"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Quattro Leoni Vino Rosso Barbera DAsti"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
389,"  Syrah from Columbia Valley, Oregon.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $18. Sample received courtesy the winery for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Food Pairing: Appetizers, Pasta, Hearty Meal.  Flavor Intensity: 9/10 Sweetness: 0/10 Acidity: 3/10 Oak Influence: 2/10 Mouth Feel: 5/10 Cellar Life: 4/10  13.9% Alcohol""Syrah -- a delicious yet under-appreciated grape. Some of our favorite wines here are at The Reverse Wine Snob have come from this variety. Just take a look at our Top 10 lists and youll see Syrah represented more than any other grape. Part of the reason we love it is the great value you can find in these wines, but even more than that we love the strong, beautiful bouquets; the rich silky textures; and the spicy finishes. Todays selection is no different.  The 2008 Seufert Smith Canyon Vineyard Syrah begins with a great aroma of plum, blackberry and spice. Tasting the wine shows lots of succulent dark berry flavor plus some oaky spice. Sounds pretty standard so far, but dont be misled -- this is a rich and delicious wine with a nice silky texture and great flavor. It ends with burst of satisfying spice that lingers a long time along with sweet fruit notes. Excellent!  Also check out or review of the Seufert Pinot Noir from our Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 series.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120402"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Seufert Smith Canyon Vineyard Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
390,"   Truly a tasty wine.   80% Merlot and 20% Cabernet Franc from Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $30 and purchased for $17.99. 4,000 cases produced. Imported by Signature Jeffrey M. Davies Selections.  From the bottle: ""Pascal Collottes south facing hillside vineyard sits across the Dordogne River from Castillon-La-Bataille. It is planted in clay and limestone soils with 80% Merlot and 20% Cabernet Franc whose average age is 25 years. Sustainable vineyard management practices includes mechanical tilling, deleafing, debudding, crop thinning, and manual harvesting. Yields in 2009 were just 33 hls/ha. Fermented in cement and stainless steel tanks. Malo and aging on the lees for the first 6 months. Aged in 50% new and 50% one-wine old barrels for 12 months and then for six months in tank. Bottled in June 2011. Only 4,000 cases.   14.7% Alcohol""The 2009 Chateau Jean Faux Sainte-Ragonde Bordeaux Superieur begins with pleasant aromas of ripe black cherry, blackberry, leather, a little oak, a little anise and a good dose of vanilla. The wine tastes smooth and velvety with soft tannins, loads of cola and black cherry, plum and blackberry fruit.  A little tobacco leads into the dry, long finish featuring tart fruit, oak and the return of those vanilla and anise notes from the nose. Theres nothing faux about this very pleasant, tasty and fun to drink wine!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140728"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Chateau Jean Faux Sainte-Ragonde Bordeaux Superieur"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/07/chateau-jean-faux.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
391,"   A lush, bold and spicy Zin.   Zinfandel with a splash of Mourvèdre from Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $24 and available for as low as $18. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""From the vineyards of the West side of Paso Robles, it came...the ""Biker"". Big, Bold and Outrageous. Driven by loads of concentrated fruit and spice leaving a trail of lingering oak in its path. Will you ever be the same? Live big...seek the thrill.  14.8% Alcohol""The 2009 Four Vines Paso Robles Biker Zinfandel begins with jammy aromas of blackberry and black raspberry but thats not all -- youll also find spice, black pepper, licorice, bramble, sweet oak, vanilla and floral notes. In other words, theres a whole lot for your nose to discover in this one. Tasting reveals a lush, bold and spicy wine, just the way I like it. Theres lots of jammy fruit as you would expect, but many of the other aromas from bouquet also carryover like black pepper, licorice and plenty of spice. All this goodness is wrapped up in a smooth, silky and almost chewy texture. It ends dry and spicy  with long-lasting vanilla and caramel notes. This wine is crying out to be paired with meat drenched in BBQ sauce.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130318"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Four Vines Paso Robles Biker Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/four-vines-paso-robles-biker-zinfandel.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
392," Five Favorite Montefalco Rosso under $20 including a BULK BUY!     Ill take my Sangiovese with Sagrantino please.   Montefalco Rosso? Sagrantino? Unfortunately these words dont mean much to the average wine drinker, but in todays post well try to show you why you should get to know them!  Montefalco is a special place in Umbria. Special for many reasons, but the one that concerns us today is the Sagrantino grape. This grape is only grown in the Montefalco area, and a unique grape it is with very low yields, extremely thick skins (and accordingly extremely high polyphenols), a very late ripening character, no known relationship to any other grape varieties in Italy and the ability to age quite gracefully, earning the nickname ""The Jewel of Umbria"".    Of course all of this comes with a high price tag, as we discovered in our Saturday Splurge review of the Arnaldo-Caprai Collepiano Sagrantino di Montefalco 2005. No worries however -- were not turning our back on our Reverse Wine Snob tendencies. Instead today were featuring a way to sample this wonder grape without leaving our price range: Montefalco Rosso.  Montefalco Rosso wines are required to contain 60-70% Sangiovese, 10-15% Sagrantino and 15-30% other varieties such as Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. You might be wondering (as we were) if only 10-15% Sagrantino can really make that much a difference but surprisingly it absolutely does. Unfortunately, even though there is about twice the amount of Montefalco Rosso produced as there is Montefalco Sagrantino they can still be quite hard to find in the United States. There are a few reasons for this, the main one being that most of the wine never makes it out of Umbria as it is consumed locally! In addition, in todays economy importers are reluctant to bring in new wines that consumers are unfamiliar with, which is a shame.  So today we are highlighting five wines that have at least some distribution in the United States. Though they may still be hard to find, we encourage you to seek these out and experience the magic of Sagrantino!   First up is the 2009 Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso, a blend of 60% Sangiovese, 25% Merlot and 15% Sagrantino from Montefalco, Umbria, Italy. Available for as low as $17. 55,000 bottles produced. Imported by Selected Estates of Europe. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Merlot grapes are hand-picked around the end of September and fermented  at controlled temperature into stainless steel tanks. The wine ages in wooden barrels for 8 months prior  to bottling and commercial release.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Azienda Agraria Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso smells of black cherry, spice, cola, licorice and dried herbs. These are some deep aromas, give your glass a good swirl to really enjoy them, and it gets even more expressive the more air it gets. Tasting reveals the perfect balance of tart dark fruit and oak along with a wonderful mouthfeel featuring soft yet grippy tannins. It ends dry with more luscious tart fruit that lingers for a long time. This is a really tasty wine that is super enjoyable to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 8."
393,"  100% Chenin Blanc from South Africa.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $18. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The gnarled bark and weathered stems of these old bush vines are a testament to the age old saying ""good things come to those who wait"". From the 40-year old vines, through the 12 month maturation, to your hands, it truly is Time that has been the master craftsman of this wine.  The even ripening and outstanding flavour intensity expressed in this vintage of high altitude old bush vine vineyards compelled our winemaker to craft this unique barrel matured Chenin Blanc. In true Bernard nature these vineyards were discovered and earmarked only for the best. Distinctively bold and lavishly perfumed with intriguing layers of tropical fruit, peaches and cream perfectly completed by seamlessly integrated vanilla oak spice.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is another in The Bernard Series line from Bellingham. We previously covered the The Bernard Series Small Barrel SMV as a Saturday Splurge and were frankly, blown away by it. It was with great anticipation then, that we dove into one of the white wines in the same collection.  The 2010 Bellingham The Bernard Series Old Vine Chenin Blanc begins with a wonderful aroma of tropical fruit, peaches and vanilla cream along with a touch of spice. The wine tastes really delicious with rich, creamy and intense flavors of tropical fruit, green apple and a little vanilla. Some nice spice comes forward on the long finish along with a bit of tart fruit. A great alternative for those buttery Chardonnay lovers -- actually this is a great alternative for all Chardonnay lovers since the oak is not overdone here. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120409"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bellingham The Bernard Series Old Vine Chenin Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
394," Five Favorite Montefalco Rosso under $20 including a BULK BUY!     Ill take my Sangiovese with Sagrantino please.   Montefalco Rosso? Sagrantino? Unfortunately these words dont mean much to the average wine drinker, but in todays post well try to show you why you should get to know them!  Montefalco is a special place in Umbria. Special for many reasons, but the one that concerns us today is the Sagrantino grape. This grape is only grown in the Montefalco area, and a unique grape it is with very low yields, extremely thick skins (and accordingly extremely high polyphenols), a very late ripening character, no known relationship to any other grape varieties in Italy and the ability to age quite gracefully, earning the nickname ""The Jewel of Umbria"".    Of course all of this comes with a high price tag, as we discovered in our Saturday Splurge review of the Arnaldo-Caprai Collepiano Sagrantino di Montefalco 2005. No worries however -- were not turning our back on our Reverse Wine Snob tendencies. Instead today were featuring a way to sample this wonder grape without leaving our price range: Montefalco Rosso.  Montefalco Rosso wines are required to contain 60-70% Sangiovese, 10-15% Sagrantino and 15-30% other varieties such as Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. You might be wondering (as we were) if only 10-15% Sagrantino can really make that much a difference but surprisingly it absolutely does. Unfortunately, even though there is about twice the amount of Montefalco Rosso produced as there is Montefalco Sagrantino they can still be quite hard to find in the United States. There are a few reasons for this, the main one being that most of the wine never makes it out of Umbria as it is consumed locally! In addition, in todays economy importers are reluctant to bring in new wines that consumers are unfamiliar with, which is a shame.  So today we are highlighting five wines that have at least some distribution in the United States. Though they may still be hard to find, we encourage you to seek these out and experience the magic of Sagrantino!   First up is the 2009 Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso, a blend of 60% Sangiovese, 25% Merlot and 15% Sagrantino from Montefalco, Umbria, Italy. Available for as low as $17. 55,000 bottles produced. Imported by Selected Estates of Europe. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Sangiovese, Sagrantino and Merlot grapes are hand-picked around the end of September and fermented  at controlled temperature into stainless steel tanks. The wine ages in wooden barrels for 8 months prior  to bottling and commercial release.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Azienda Agraria Scacciadiavoli Montefalco Rosso smells of black cherry, spice, cola, licorice and dried herbs. These are some deep aromas, give your glass a good swirl to really enjoy them, and it gets even more expressive the more air it gets. Tasting reveals the perfect balance of tart dark fruit and oak along with a wonderful mouthfeel featuring soft yet grippy tannins. It ends dry with more luscious tart fruit that lingers for a long time. This is a really tasty wine that is super enjoyable to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 8."
395,"   A prestigious Napa Valley Cab for less than $20. Thanks Costco!   83% Cabernet Sauvignon, 12% Merlot, 4% Cabernet Franc and 1% Syrah from Napa Valley, California (including Stags Leap and Oakville with 32% coming from To Kalon Vineyard).  SRP of $28 and available for $18 at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""In 1966 Robert Mondavi built his winery with a singular vision: to create wines that stand among the worlds finest. This Cabernet Sauvignon showcases outstanding vineyards in the geographic center of the Napa Valley. Fruit characteristics, such as blackberry and cassis, combined with spicy oak elements, lead to an elegant structure, with velvety tannins and excellent length. A Napa Valley classic.   14.5% Alcohol""We have reviewed and enjoyed many wines from Robert Mondavi here at The Reverse Wine Snob, wines like the Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage - An All American French Blend And A"
396,"   A Multi-Layered Malbec from Mendoza.   100% Malbec from Uco Valley, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $18. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Terlato Wines International.   From the bottle: ""In honor of the people who labor in the vineyards of Mendoza Chento is the fulfillment of their hard work and passion.  My family has grown vines in the foothills of the Andes Mountains in Mendoza for over 100 years. Chento Vineyard Selection is sourced from small lots of the family vineyards in the Uco Valley. This wine of a unique character has been named after Chento, the guardian of our vineyards for over 40 years.   -Javier Catena, 4th generation producer & Bodega Cuarto Dominio founder.  14% Alcohol""The 2011 Bodega Cuarto Dominio Chento Vineyard Selection Malbec begins with an enticing aroma of dark fruit, mint, pleasant dried herbal notes and a little earthy spice. Upon the initial pop and pour it is rather oaky but a little time in the glass remedies that nicely. Tasting reveals a wine of good complexity featuring dark fruit with a fabulous persistent spicy streak that lasts all the way through the finish. There are also a few oak, tobacco and succulent dried herb flavors underneath the rich fruit. It ends dry with long lasting tart fruit, spice and a bit of dark chocolate. This is a fantastic Malbec with a lot more happening than just loads of rich fruit. Well worth the price.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140106"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Chento Vineyard Selection Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/chento-vineyard-selection-malbec.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
397,"   Want a big, serious wine? You want Ribera Del Duero.   100% Tempranillo from Ribera Del Duero, Spain.  Available for around $18. Imported by The Enye Group. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Grape Variety: 100% Tempranillo  Aging: 5 months in French-oak barrels  Bottled without cold setting.  14.0% Alcohol""As a fan of big, dry, serious red wines Ribera Del Duero in Spain is one of my favorite spots. Whenever I get a chance to try wines from this are, I jump at it and I have yet to be disappointed. You may remember our article on this area from a few weeks ago, Reveling in the Wine of Ribera Del Duero Plus 3 Top Value Picks From This Region where we covered a trio of fantastic under $20 wines. Today weve got another great one for you.  The 2011 Bodegas Cuevas Jimenez Ferratus A0 begins with aromas of ripe fruit, plums, spice, violets, a little smoked meat and vanilla. A simply wonderful and complex bouquet. The wine tastes wonderful as well, with lots of rich fruit and a nice dry, chalky mouthfeel. This tastes like a much older wine to me -- its hard to believe it is a 2011 vintage. Like most wines from Ribera Del Duero, one sip tells you that it is a serious wine, but its also quite fun to drink with lots of different layers that you discover as you drink it. It ends nice and dry with good length. This one may be a bit hard to find, but I heartily recommend seeking it out!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130617"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bodegas Cuevas Jimenez Ferratus A0"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/bodegas-cuevas-jimenez-ferratus-a0-2011.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
398,"   Dry and Delicious!  100% Zibibbo (Moscato dAlessandria) from Sicily, Italy.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $18. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our family has crafted wines in Sicily for 150 years. Lighea is a dry version of Zibibbo (Muscat of Alexandria), crisp and aromatic with floral and fruity aromas, ideal for light lunch or as an apertif with friends.  12.5% Alcohol""Moscato is hot right now, although the typical wine of this variety borders on dessert wine territory with loads of sugary sweetness. Today we go to Sicily to try a wine that might just be a paradigm shifter for many...  The 2011 Donnafugata Lighea Zibibbo Sicilia opens with an absolutely delicious bouquet of pear, honey, melon, lime and lots of aromatic floral notes. Upon first smell you might think youre in for the typical syrupy sweet Moscato experience, but a whole nother world opens up when tasting this dry Moscato. Only slightly sweet, youre hit with excellent salty mineral notes on top of succulent pear and citrus fruit. This is all wrapped up in a wonderful, luscious mouthfeel. It ends with honey soaked minerals that last an incredibly long time. I love it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130123"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Donnafugata Lighea Zibibbo Sicilia"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/donnafugata-lighea-zibibbo-sicilia.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
399,"   A very expressive wine, both in the glass and on the label.   80% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Petit Verdot and 5% Primitivo from Lazio, Italy.  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Hundred Acre ""if you see kay"" 2011 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order! Imported by Vintage Point.   From the winery: ""IF YOU SEE KAY is a red wine blend from the Lazio region of Italy. Just South of Tuscany, Lazio encompasses Rome, and was the summer getaway for the Caesar’s and still is for the Pope. There are myriad vineyards in Lazio and it is home to stunning hillsides planted with Ancient Varieties like Nero Buono and Primitivo, but is also ideal for growing classic vines like Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Verdot.  The Climate in Lazio is not unlike kay’s home in the Napa Valley. Warm, dry days throughout the summer build power and structure in the grapes. Proximity to the sea brings cooling breezes in the afternoon, helping maintain balance of acidity and preserve delicate aromatics.  The 2011 Blend is made from 80% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Petite Verdot and 5% Primitivo. The wine is inky black and the aromas match; crushed blackberry and cassis combined with a meaty smokiness rise from the glass. In the mouth, Kay is rich, full, and powerful, yet creamy in texture and extremely well balanced.   GET A BOTTLE WHILE SHE’S IN TOWN, she doesn’t stay put for long. Enjoy Kay with grilled meat, wood-fired pizzas and friends with big personalities.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Hundred Acre ""if you see kay"" Red Wine begins with a pleasant aroma of blackberry, black currant, black pepper and a touch of smoke along with a little vanilla and cola. The wine definitely needs some time to open up so you probably want to give it some time to decant before drinking. Tasting reveals tons of super ripe fruit (blackberry, plum and prunes) wrapped up in a very smooth and creamy texture with touches of mocha, toffee and vanilla. The touch of smoke from the nose also carries over in this very Zinfandel-like wine. Sweet spice and fine yet gritty tannins lead into the long, dry finish.   Get the Hundred Acre ""if you see kay"" 2011 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140813"",  ""title"" : ""2011 if you see kay Red Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/08/if-you-see-kay-red-wine.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Hundred Acre ""if you see kay"" 2011 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
400,"   More marvelous Mendocino County wine.   94% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Cabernet Franc and 2% Petite Sirah from Mendocino County, California.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Hundred Acre If You See Kay 2011 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   SRP of $30 but weve seen this one pop up on the deal sites for as low as $17.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our family has created a legacy growing some of the finest wine grapes in Mendocino County. Three generations of Thornhills share a passion for crafting exceptionally bold and rich wines with a philosophy to leave things better than we find them; this includes doing what is right for the land as well as for the employees and community that work alongside us. These wines represent the best of us, they are our identity, they are our Moniker.  13.5% Alcohol""Mendocino is part of the larger North Coast region and is one of Californias bigger AVAs. It in turn encompasses ten smaller AVAs including the well known Anderson Valley. Because the region doesnt have the name recognition of a Napa Valley or the like, it is a great spot for Reverse Wine Snobs! This is exactly what we found last week with our review of the Edmeades Mendocino County Zinfandel 2012 - Bring On The BBQ Sauce. Today well take a look at how this region does with the classic Cabernet Sauvignon grape.  The 2011 Moniker Mendocino County Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, blackberry, plum, spice and a little vanilla and other oaky notes. When tasting this very flavorful wine youll find lots of oaky, spicy notes (the wine spends 14 months in used French oak) along with juicy black cherry, plums, leather and cola. Dry, grippy tannins leads into more juicy fruit streaks plus tobacco notes on the long, lingering finish. Pretty darn tasty right now but Id venture a guess itll be even better in a year or two.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140815"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Moniker Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/08/moniker-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
401,"   Grapefruity and grassy with a fabulous texture.   100% Sauvignon Blanc from Carneros, Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $18 and available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Tin Barn Vineyards is the fruit of five friends passion for the grape. Winemaker Michael Lancaster works to create single vineyard wines expressing the true character of our Sonoma County home.  Hi Vista Vineyard is a windswept plot of acreage on the western edge of the Carneros appellation. We barrel ferment a small portion of this wine to add rich mouthfeel, tank fermenting the balance to preserve its vibrant melon and citrus aromas. No malolactic fermentation is used, resulting in a refreshing wine with a crisp acidity on the palate.  13.7% Alcohol""The 2011 Tin Barn Vineyards Hi Vista Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc begins with plenty of grassy notes along with melon, grapefruit and a little citrus. Tasting the wine reveals a simply fabulous smooth and slightly creamy mouthfeel, which for me makes this wine very drinkable. In the mouth, the grassiness from the nose recedes to the background while grapefruit, pear, green apple and melon flavors come to the front and give a really nice combination of sweet and sour fruit. Some nice mineral notes come out on the pleasant finish to wrap things up. To be honest I wasnt sure I was going to like this wine at first sniff due to the grassy aroma, but I ended up loving it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130419"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Tin Barn Vineyards Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/tin-barn-vineyards-sauvignon-blanc.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
402,"   More dependable and delectable Pinot Noir under $20.   100% Pinot Noir from Monterey County (35%), Santa Barbara County (34%) and Sonoma County (31%), California.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $18, often at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Unifying three of Californias most notable areas, from the maritime mist of Sonoma, to the chilly fog of Santa Barbara and howling winds of Monterey in between, these Pinot Noir vineyards lay the foundation for one dynamic blend. With a soft hand in the cellar and aged in French barrels, the wine evolves into an elegant balance of spice and fruit, weight and restraint with grace and opulence.  Meiomi (May-OH-mee), meaning ""coast"" in the language of the California Wappo tribe, truly symbolizes the origin of this Pinot Noir. Each of the vineyards chosen for Meiomi offers the best expression of their appellations along the California coast: a layered blend of Santa Barbaras spice-filled aromas; Sonomas bright berry flavors; and Montereys rich textures. The wines are carefully crafted so that these characteristics continue to enhance and build on each other for an evocative and memorable Pinot Noir.  13.8% Alcohol""Despite having partaken of this wine many times this is surprisingly the first vintage that we have reviewed here at The Reverse Wine Snob. Not sure why it took me so long since this is one of the more dependable sub-$20 Pinot Noir year after year, but in any case we continue today with our Pinot Noir theme for your rapidly approaching holiday gatherings!  The 2012 Belle Glos Meiomi Pinot Noir from the Wagner Family of Wine  begins with a pleasant aroma featuring primary notes of plum and cherry along with secondary notes of vanilla, spice, cranberry and Sweet Tart candy. Its got great complexity right from the get go -- so much so that youre likely to find something new each time you take a sniff. Tasting the wine reveals it to be fruit forward with lots of juicy, ripe cherry and mixed-berry fruit along with a lush texture, nice spice and a little cola and vanilla. Theres absolutely nothing not to like here if you enjoy fruit forward wines (and who doesnt?) It ends with more mixed berry, vanilla and light spice that resolves into lingering toasty notes intertwined with those Sweet Tart candy flavors from the nose. Believe it or not, it was even better on day 2. This wine is as close to a guaranteed crowd-pleaser as you can get - me oh my, this is good!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131108"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Belle Glos Meiomi Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/belle-glos-meiomi-pinot-noir.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
403,"   Bringing some of the best of France together in one very affordable wine.   A blend of Grenache from the Roussillon, Syrah from the Rhone and undisclosed Bordeaux varietals.  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Locations F-2 French Red by Dave Phinney 2012 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   From the winemaker: ""Establishing a “rapport” with our growers in France is something we take very seriously. Frequent visits to Bordeaux, The Rhone, and The Roussillon are mandatory so we can continue to improve Locations and expand our vineyard network. Although it can be demanding and exhaustive at times, its a pursuit that we enjoy and constantly learn from. Following the inaugural release of F1, we determined that an expanded barrel program with the addition of isolated, old vine vineyards could make the wine even better. Searching for a true representation of site and appellation was paramount and resulted in some extraordinary finds. The yields were smaller and the concentration was higher, which in turn provided us with optimum blending components for this second release.  - Dave Phinney/Winemaker  14.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Locations F-2 French Red by Dave Phinney begins with a deep, complex and enticing aroma of plum, blackcurrants, black cherry, licorice, lavender and lots of baking spice. Tasting reveals loads of juicy fruit, good acidity and a smooth, almost creamy texture. In addition to the fruit youll also find plenty of cola, licorice and oak notes along with secondary notes of black tea, dark chocolate and tobacco. This extremely delicious wine spent 10 months in barrel. It ends dry and very long. Vive la France!    Get the Locations F-2 French Red by Dave Phinney 2012 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140828"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Locations F-2 French Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/08/locations-f-2-french-red.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Locations F-2 French Red by Dave Phinney 2012 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!   Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
404,"   Much more than a fancy bottle.   67% Macabeo and 33% Parellada from Penedes, Spain.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $18. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The opening aromas are from aging on the lees, lightly smokey, with touches of biscuit or bread, which are followed by hints of honey, fruit and flower petals. The palate is excellent, fruity and full of flavor, with dried fruits delivering a delightful sense of abundance.  This Cava defines elegant refreshment, even in its presentation. It is a perfect companion for creamy pastas, such as alfredo. It marries perfectly with meat dishes, such as pork and chicken.  12.0% Alcohol""Cava used to be known as Spanish champagne and is pretty much precisely that -- even if the EU no longer allows Spanish producers to call it such. Cava is produced using the same method as Champagne where the wine undergoes a secondary fermentation in the bottle. And while the bottle may be the first thing youll notice on this wine, it shouldnt be the last.   The Reserva Heredad is impressive in all aspects, beginning with the pewter base and family crest on the bottle, but dont think youre just getting a good show with nothing to back it up. From grape to glass it takes three years to produce a bottle of this wine. Speaking of those grapes, they are 100% hand harvested. Even the turning of the bottles (riddling) while they age is done by hand. (That doesnt sound like much but it is a manual, time-consuming process that is rarely done by hand today.) But lets get on to the taste, shall we?  The Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava begins with a beautiful aroma of honey, peach, pear, apple and a touch of fresh biscuits. The wine tastes delicious with plenty of fruit and features apple, pear and zesty lemon plus a few mineral notes. It is also crisp and very easy to drink with just the right amount of bubbles. Thanks to the good acidity this one should be able to hold up to lots of different foods. A Holiday Sparkler that is sure to make a lasting impression!   Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut - Holiday Sparklers 2012 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava  Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler  Also check out the 12 recommended sparkling wines from last years series!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121210"",  ""title"" : ""Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/segura-viudas-reserva-heredad-cava.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
405,"  85% Tempranillo, 10% Garnacha, and 5% Mazuelo from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $13 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Rioja Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle:""This wine has been aged in American White Oak cask for twenty months and followed by eighteen months in the bottle. Ruby red colour with brick coloured highlight the complexity of its aromas. In the mouth is elegant and balance with a velvety texture. It is the perfect combination of Tempranillo (85%), Garnacha (10%) and Mazuelo (5%) grapes.  13.0% Alcohol""As weve seen over the last few days, Rioja has a lot to offer wine lovers. One of the things I enjoy the most is that when you buy a Rioja wine you know it is good to pop and pour. There are no worries about determining if the wine is ready to drink. In fact, Rioja claims to be the only wine region in the world that does not release their wines until they are ready to drink. This isnt to say that their wines wont benefit from some additional bottle age, but you never have to worry about consuming a wine too young. Todays wine, a 2005, is the oldest of our Rioja sampling.  The 2005 Federico Paternina Banda Roja Rioja Reserva begins with aromas of blackberry, raspberry (and really just a lot of different berries) plus some cedar notes and a little vanilla. The wine tastes nice and  smooth with a good rich texture. This is a really nice wine with lots of fruit plus some light tannins. A little spice on the oaky finish offers good counterbalance to all the fruit. Quite nice and perhaps my favorite of the bunch!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111111"",  ""title"" : ""Federico Paternina Banda Roja Reserva 2005"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Journey Through Rioja Series 2010 Dinastía Vivanco Rioja White Blend 2009 Palacios Remondo La Vendimia 2007 Viña Real Plata Crianza Rioja Red Wine 2010 Bodegas El Coto Rioja Rosado 2005 Federico Paternina Banda Roja Reserva 2006 Bodegas Beronia Rioja Reserva "
406,"  100% Shiraz from South Australia.  Available for $12.99 at Costco. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This opulent Shiraz displays intense ripe plum, black cherry and mulberry flavors with hints of chocolate, pepper and spice.  The richly concentrated flavors are complemented by superb oak integration, great depth and complexity thanks to meticulous fruit selection, picking grapes at their peak ripeness, gentle handling and extended maturation in French and American oak barrels. While this wine will reward medium to long term cellaring, it is also ready to be enjoyed now. This wine is an ideal accompaniment to scotch fillet with herb butter, succulent slow-roasted lamb shanks and braised beef cheek with seasonal vegetables.  14.5% Alcohol""Im not sure why but the fall season screams out for Shiraz for me. Maybe its the peppery spice or the dark fruit flavors, but it really just seems to match the season. It just so happens that Ive reviewed some really nice Shiraz lately like The Love Grass from dArenberg featuring a touch of bacon. Or the Boschendal 1685 from South Africa with its fab finish. And dont forget the Marquee Signature Shiraz that makes you want to squeeze in one more night of grilling before the weather changes. Today we have another Shiraz from Australia (like the Love Grass and Marquee) and judging by all the awards on this bottle it certainly seems as if we might have another good wine on our hands. Lets find out.  The 2005 George Wyndham Founders Reserve Shiraz has a nice aromatic nose of blackberry and blueberry plus some spice and vanilla. The wine has a succulent taste with lots of dark fruit flavors and a good silky texture. The finish features great fruit flavor and the signature burst of spice. Just another really nice tasting Shiraz from Australia and a great value.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111031"",  ""title"" : ""George Wyndham Founders Reserve Shiraz 2005"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
407," [EDIT: Check out the review of the latest vintage!]   95% Syrah, 4% Mourvèdre, 1% Grenache Noir from the Central Coast of California. SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14.  Sample received courtesy Andrew Murray Vineyards for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""The wine is full of personality, with spicy black cherry, raspberry, cranberry, and cassis notes, and a subtle toastiness from the indulgent oak ageing. When tasted, the Syrah “Tous les Jours” is a bit of a surprise; it is remarkably dark and full-bodied, and yet it has such gentle tannins. It is truly a pleasure to drink, especially at the price.  14.5% Alcohol”Today and tomorrow we will be reviewing two vintages of the Andrew Murray Tous Les Jours Syrah (2007 and 2008). Both wines have received good acclaim so lets see if they live up to the hype and offer good value for the money! First up, the 2007 vintage.   The 2007 Andrew Murray Vineyards Tous Les Jours Central Coast Syrah begins with aromas of strong ripe plum, spice, and blueberry. Very nice. The wine tastes of pepper and spice and is balanced with dark fruit. This is a medium-bodied wine with good texture and nice tannins on the smooth finish. This wine might be even better on day 2. My only nit-pick is that it does show a little bit of heat, but otherwise, very tasty!  Next up: The 2008 Andrew Murray Vineyards Syrah Tous Les Jours!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110914"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Andrew Murray Vineyards Tous Les Jours Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
408,"    What an evolution!   50% Grenache, 35% Syrah and 15% Carignan from Cotes du Roussillon Villages Tautavel, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.  SRP of $19 and purchased for $14.  From the bottle: ""An acknowledged ambassador of the Mediterranean lifestyle and owner of some of the region’s finest estates. Gerard Bertrand is convinced of the uniqueness and high quality of its different terroirs classified as AOCs.  The most ancient presence of mankind in Europe was in the amazingly beautiful and preserved landscapes of the Tautavel Appellation in the south of France. Wines have been made there since ancient times and their style is truly unique.  Beautiful red color. Elegant notes of fresh fruit (blackcurrant, blackberries) and soft spices. Aromas of wild herbs and leather. Full-bodied, with soft and round tanins. Long finish. Best served at 60F with roasted peppers, pork and Italian meats.  14.0% Alcohol""I have to admit that this wine really threw me for a loop. Youll often hear me recommend letting a wine breathe before drinking it, as many times this helps the wine to open up, but rarely if ever have I tried a wine that was almost undrinkable upon first opening that then transformed as much as this wine did in just a couple hours. And when I say undrinkable, I mean it...it smelled and tasted bad. I came very close to pouring it right down the drain, but as is my normal custom, I poured a glass and let it sit for awhile. When I returned I was shocked to find this ugly duckling had become a beautiful bottle of wine!  After a couple hours to breathe, the 2007 Gerard Bertrand Grand Terroir Tautavel presents a very nice aroma of ripe, dark fruit, licorice and a little dark chocolate. Tasting the wine reveals lots of rich fruit with a spicy backbone that extends all the way into the finish. Black cherry, black raspberry and blueberry make up the fruit, but theres also some nice licorice and dried herbs. Fine tannins and a dry, long finish of tart fruit and lingering coffee notes round this one out. The ugly duckling turns into a swan!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130611"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Gerard Bertrand Grand Terroir Tautavel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/gerard-bertrand-grand-terroir-tautavel.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
409,"  40% Cabernet Sauvignon, 37% Carménère, 13% Cabernet Franc and 10% Syrah.   SRP of $13 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle:""From the most privileged terroir of Chiles Maipo Valley, comes Viña Haras de Pirques Character family of wines, symbolized by a grape leaf and a  stylized horseshoe, the unique shape of the winery.  14.5% Alcohol""Weve come to the last wine in our series on Chile and perhaps fittingly this one is a blend of several different varieties. It hails from the Maipo Valley where the capital of Chile, Santiago, is located. And interestingly enough this vineyard has an internationally renowned thoroughbred breeding farm. Evidently wine helps the horses get it on too. (It also explains the horseshoe on the label.)  The 2007 Haras de Pirque Character Cabernet Sauvignon - Carménère begins with light aromas of dark fruit plus a whole lot of green pepper and earthiness, dirt and some dried herbs. Tasting the wine I was surprised to find lots of berry flavor plus touch of black olives. Some of the earthiness from the nose also carries over which gives this wine quite an interesting mix of really nice flavors. The finish is dry, spicy and fruity. Like many of these wines, this one also improved as it got some air and was at its best on day 2. Another wine to add to your shopping list!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111028"",  ""title"" : ""Haras de Pirque Character 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon Carménère"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Tour of Chile Series 1) 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère 2) 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 3) 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 4) 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère 5) 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 6) 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 7) 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère 8) 2007 Haras de Pirque Character   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
410,"   Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.   35% Cabernet Sauvignon, 34% Merlot and 31% Cabernet Franc from Niagara Escarpment, New York.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Arrowhead Red is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot aged in oak barrels for 23 months. This robust and jammy wine pairs well with hearty dishes, like pasta and pizza. Blending varietals allows the winemaker to highlight the best each has to offer in a blend that is greater than any of its components.  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards is a sustainable winery located in Niagara County, NY. We specialize in hand crafted, traditionally made wines. We make our wines with an obsessive focus on quality and respect for the environment.  12.5% Alcohol""Wow, two wines from New York State in the last week, and both delicious! While you may not necessarily think of wine when thinking of New York, maybe you should. New York is the 4th largest wine producing state in the U.S. and thanks to some of the unique micro-climates around places like the Finger Lakes and Niagara Falls, vineyards are able to thrive in this cold climate area. Granted with a shorter growing season they are more susceptible to bad weather and the consistency from year to year can be harder to maintain but, as they say, the proof is in the bottle -- and todays bottle makes a tasty introduction to red wine from New York.  The 2008 Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Arrowhead Red Meritage begins with a very nice, fragrant, complex aroma of black cherry, plum, a little raisin and a hint of dark chocolate and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals lots of luscious jammy fruit, a silky smooth texture, fine tannins and good acidity. The jammy fruit is balanced nicely by sweet oak notes, vanilla and a bit of black pepper. It ends with surprising length. The wine was just as good on day 2. This is really an exceptional wine for the price, especially considering it comes from a smaller wine region that doesnt have the long growing seasons and economies of scale of bigger regions.  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130314"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Arrowhead Red Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/arrowhead-red-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach over 35,000 wine loving unique visitors a month!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
411,"  58% Merlot, 26% Cabernet Sauvignon, 13% Syrah and 3% Malbec from Walla Walla Valley, Washington.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Ash Hollow Estate Vineyards & Winery for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Red Wine Estate Grown  There is a tale that few dare to tell about a headless ghost who rides a dark horse and haunts those unfortunate to cross his path!  14.1% Alcohol""Its hard to talk about todays wine without bringing up the unique name and the label, two things that Ive learned to rarely pay much attention. I must say; however, it was kind of cool when I found out that the photo on the label is actually a real horse owned by the winery. Of course, as always our biggest concern is regarding what is inside the bottle, so lets get to it.  The 2008 Ash Hollow Legends Headless Red opens with aromas of dark raspberry, black cherry and oaky spice. The wine tastes smooth with nice texture and good structure. The predominant flavors when tasting are raspberry again, along with blackberry, spice and a little earthiness. The tannins are good and well integrated. The finish has a good bit of oak, thanks to the 30 months aging in oak barrels, which resolves into lingering mocha notes. Quite nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120213"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Ash Hollow Legends Headless Red"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
412," Includes an explanation of Brettanomyces (Brett).     A Crianza for Carnivores.   100% Tempranillo from Ribera del Duero, Spain.  SRP of $30, purchased for $13.99 but more widely available for just under $20. Imported by Classical Wines From Spain.   From the bottle: ""Alejandro Fernandez of Pesquera de Duero initiated the replanting of Spains Ribera del Duero region in the 1970s, where his red wines made from Tempranillo grapes are internationally famous.  Condado de Haza is a southfacing slope along one kilometer of the Duero River, where planting began in 1989. Superior exposure and soils, artisanal winemaking and fifteen months in oak yield a noble wine of which Alejandro is justifiably proud.  14% Alcohol""Brett isnt a term we use often here at The Reverse Wine Snob but todays wine gives us a nice opportunity to delve into it. Brettanomyces (aka Brett) is a yeast that produces phenols responsible for a wide range of aromas: some positive and some negative (depending on who you ask). Long thought to be a fault, many are now embracing that brett isnt necessarily bad. Many French wineries have long held this opinion which is the reason we have occasionally refered to the ""French funk"" aromas on their wines (usually best described as barnyard). The bottom-line is simply that brett is only bad if you think so, another reason you should drink what you like.   The 2008 Condado de Haza Crianza begins with loads of meaty, bretty aromas along with blackberry, dried herbs and a hint of menthol. When tasting those smoky, bacony flavors continue along with lots of vanilla, rich tart dark fruit, and more nice dried herbal notes. Like most wines the more time it has in the glass the more it develops. The wine is smooth, dry and medium-bodied with a long finish. It may not be quite as big as some others from Ribera del Duero but pretty nice nonetheless and if you enjoy those meat and bacon aromas than this is definitely your wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140102"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Condado de Haza Crianza"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/condado-de-haza-crianza.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
413,"  45% Syrah, 40% Grenache and 15% Mourvèdre from Languedoc, France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $13. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""With its exceptional location and terroir and by the force of its history, the Château dAussièries is a wild and natural property of intense and powerful beauty. Since 1999, Domaines de Rothschild (Lafite) have revitalized the vineyards planted with carefully selected traditional Languedoc grape varieties: Syrah, Grenache, Mourvèdre and Carignan.  The Blason dAussièries is the issue of a meticulous selection in the cellar. The wine marries finesse and elegance with a marked Mediterranean personality.  14.0% Alcohol""Why do so many French wines have such impossibly long names? I have a working theory that wine marketers have connected the length of a wines name with higher sales. Letters with accents count double. (Speaking of which, someone should create a version of Scrabble using only wine names.) In reality, of course, the length of the name doesnt have anything to do with the quality of the wine, but it would actually work with todays wine.  Corbières is part of the Languedoc-Roussillon wine producing region in France, much like Bordeaux or Burgundy, two of the better known regions. And although it is not as famous as those two regions, wine has been produced here since the Roman times. Corbières accounts for about 50% of the production in the Languedoc-Roussillon AOC (often labeled as Vin de Pays dOc). Its also a great spot to find affordable and tasty red wine.  The 2008 Domaines Barons De Rothschild (Lafite) Blason dAussièries Corbières begins with a really tight and closed bouquet when first poured but it does open up as it breathes. Once it does, the primary aromas are blackberry and dried herbs (rosemary) and it even has a bit of a gamy character to it. The wine tastes smooth and has a rich texture. Excellent mixed berry flavors intertwine with well integrated and dusty tannins. The wine finishes with a little spice and then leaves lingering notes of dried herbs and fruit.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120228"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Domaines Barons De Rothschild (Lafite) Blason dAussièries Corbières"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
414,"   A Classic Chianti Classico.   100% Sangiovese from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $23 and available for as low as $14.   From the bottle: ""Il Molino di Grace, The Windmill of Grace, is located just south of Panzano, in the heart of Chianti Classico. Named for the ancient windmill on the property and owner Frank Grace, it reflects the simple philosophy of the Grace family: honoring Tuscan terroir and tradition. This brooding beauty is aged 11 months in oak barrels, barriques & tonneaux and 1 year in bottle, and encompasses lush fruit, well-integrated earthiness and spicy notes. 100% Sangiovese, the ample bouquet of berries and violets speaks of the variety; the elegance, aromas and character are pure, molten Tuscany.   13.5% Alcohol""The 2008 Il Molino di Grace Chianti Classico begins with a very pleasant, strong aroma of sour cherry, leather and violets. Tasting the wine reveals a really nice, solid Chianti that features a smooth texture, soft tannins, nice spice, a bit of smoked meat, more sour cherry and good acidity. It may not be quite as rustic as some Chiantis but its a great example of the variety and should have wide appeal thanks to its graceful refinement. It ends dry with good length. A classic Chianti Classico!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130905"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Il Molino di Grace Chianti Classico"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/il-molino-di-grace-chianti-classico.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
415,"   A little known grape youll want to add to your shopping list.   100% Teroldego from Trentino-Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP around $20 and available for as low as $14. 30,000 cases produced. Imported by Prestige Wine Imports. Sample submitted for review. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""Complex wine with great character, it pairs well with stews, roasted red meats, grilled dishes and seasoned cheese. Before serving slowly bring to the suggested temperature, then uncork in advance. Serving temperature: 61-64F.  13.0% Alcohol""I love trying new grape varieties and I also love wine from Alto Adige so suffice it to say I was excited to pop open todays bottle which combines both of these things. The Teroldego grape is indigenous to Trentino and pretty much only grown there. It is a parent to the lovely Lagrein grape and also a sibling to the scarcely planted Dureza grape, which is itself a parent to Syrah. Confused? Lets just say it has it has good lineage.  The 2008 Mezzacorona Teroldego Rotaliano Riserva begins with a really pleasant and savory aroma of black cherry and other dark fruits like prunes, a little white pepper and vanilla. Tasting reveals a medium to full-bodied wine full of rich dark fruit, cola and a nice dried herb element. Its smooth, has great acidity and is just really tasty. It ends with a bit of a leathery, oaky tinge and has good length. A great example of a little known grape that youll want to seek out and try!  You may also want to check out these other recommended wines from Mezzacorona: Mezzacorona Pinot Noir 2010 - Smooth and Easy Mezzacorona Pinot Grigio 2011 - Add It To The Short List  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140401"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Mezzacorona Teroldego Rotaliano Riserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/mezzacorona-teroldego-rotaliano-riserva.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
416,"  21% Syrah, 18% Carignan, 18% Cinsault, 13% Tannat, 11% Souzou, 10% Cabernet Franc, 6% Mourvèdre, 3% Petite Sirah from Lodi, California. SRP of $18 but available for as low as $14.   Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Unmask the true identity of this alluring wine. These grapes are grown in the Lodi appellation, with its warm days and cool summer nights. Full of fruit, this wine will tantalize you with its integrated flavors.  14.5% Alcohol""Fresh off our"
417,"   The 2007 Syrah and the 2008 Pinot Noir.   With grapes from Dry Creek Valley and the Russian River Valley these limited production wines offer big names and big tastes at small prices.   First up is the 2007 Mietz Cellars Sonoma County Syrah which consists of 92% Syrah and 8% Petite Sirah. The Syrah comes from the Dry Creek Valley while the Petite Sirah comes from the Russian River Valley. It has an SRP of $22 and is occasionally available for as low as $10. 450 cases produced.  From the winery: ""2007 is a great year for red wine. The 2007 Syrah grapes are from the Dry Creek Valley, farmed by Ray Teldeschi. They were picked at elevated sugar levels and maximum ripeness. This wine was aged in 100% French oak, 30% new barrels for one year.  The wine is very dark ruby, rich, and has a dark black raspberry fruit flavor juxtaposed to a very rich, toasty vanilla flavor from the oak. This Syrah is balanced by sufficient acidity, is very rich, and drinking well now. It has what it takes to age 5-10 years.   14.8% Alcohol""The 2007 Mietz Cellars Sonoma County Syrah begins with a pleasant aroma featuring lots of ripe dark berry, a little vanilla and a bit of licorice. The wine tastes quite nice with loads of rich blackberry fruit and toasty oak as well as some good licorice and leather notes. The only thing I didnt like is that it does show a bit of heat. It ends with good length and lingering licorice and dark berry flavors. Quite tasty!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next is the 2008 Mietz Cellars Sonoma County Pinot Noir, 100% Pinot Noir sourced from the Russian River Valley and the Sonoma Coast. It has an SRP of $25 and has been available for as low as $12.49. 550 cases produced.  From the winery: ""Our 2008 Pinot Noir vintage is a blend of two vineyards, one from the Russian River appellation and one from the Sonoma Coast. The 2008 vintage produced grapes of exceptional ripeness that resulted in wines that were full bodied with very fruit forward characteristics. Using handcrafted, small vineyards allows us to produce a Pinot with an exceptional level of quality.  This wine is dark ruby in color with aromas of dark cherry and smoked meats. The wine is full bodied and well extracted resulting in a rich middle body, followed by a firm and persistent finish. The flavors duplicate the aromas of fruit and smoke. The wine is unfined and unfiltered.  14.8% Alcohol""The 2008 Mietz Cellars Sonoma County Pinot Noir opens with abundant cherry notes, a little smoked meat aroma and a hint of rhubarb. Tasting reveals a smooth wine featuring black cherry, lots of cola, a little licorice and black tea. Theres no discernible heat on this one even though it has the same alcohol percentage as the Syrah. It ends with soft tannins and lingering black cherry and smoky notes. Also quite tasty!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
418,"  56% Shiraz, 37% Cabernet Sauvignon, and 7% Merlot. SRP of $17 but can be found widely for $12.99 - $13.99. Sample received courtesy of The Hess Collection for review purposes.   From the bottle:Among the worlds great wine drinking experiences. Clancys has established itself as Australias legendary red. Clancys provides consistent enjoyment with its rich flavours and smooth finish. The stuff of legends! 14.5% AlcoholWe really enjoy a good red blend partially because they tend to be quite affordable, but also because the combination of varieties can really give a wine a lot of character. This is exactly the case here: It is a wine with good fruit complexity which draws upon the attributes of each variety in the blend: Shiraz gives richness and fruit, Merlot adds a textual softness and the Cabernet Sauvignon with its firm tannins reins in the fruit to give a wine of flavour, balance and structure.The 2008 Peter Lehmann Clancys Red Blend exhibits plum, vanilla, and some spice and earthiness on the nose. This is a smooth drinker, that is simple but not too simple with firm tannins that complement the flavor of the wine. It ends with a nice spicy finish that makes you want to try another sip. I broke this one at our Mothers Day barbecue and it was universally liked. Recommended for your next barbecue!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110511"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Peter Lehmann Clancys"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
419,"  100% Carménère from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $19.99 and available for as low as $13.99. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Carmenere D.O. Colchagua Valley  Santa Rita is broadly recognized as an international ambassador for world-class Chilean wines. Since our foundation in 1880, Santa Rita has focused on crafting superb quality wines becoming one of Chiles most admired, traditional and innovative wine estates.  Our Medalla Real Carmenere from the Colchagua Valley, one of the worlds finest wine regions, has a complex bouquet that combines fresh black fruits and spicy notes of vanilla and chocolate from aging in French oak barrels for 10 months. This is a big, concentrated, elegant, deep, flavorful and persistent wine.  Santa Rita...Memorable Every Time. 14.1% Alcohol""I think theres something to be said for tasting a wine in the area it was produced. The ultimate for me has always been Italy, but as Ive been learning more and more about Chile, I think this is a trip that is definitely moving higher up my list. Deserts, mountains, volcanoes, glaciers...the sheer breadth of what can be found in this country is a bit mind boggling. Given all these different climates, the breadth of wine made in Chile is huge as well. But this week it is all about Carménère and today we have a great one.  The 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère starts with a very nice, very fragrant bouquet featuring aromas of blackberry, plum, spice, oak and vanilla. The wine tastes of dark fruit plus a little bit of oaky spice. This is a surprisingly smooth wine with a lush, velvety texture that opens up a little more as it gets air. It ends with soft tannins and blackberry flavors that linger for awhile. Very nice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111020"",  ""title"" : ""Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Tour of Chile Series 1) 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère 2) 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 3) 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 4) 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère 5) 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 6) 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 7) 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère 8) 2007 Haras de Pirque Character   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
420," [Also check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  Trader Joes Week continues with a couple iconic and expensive Italian varieties on the cheap. The question is, are they worth it?  First up is the 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata. This wine is 100% Sangiovese from Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $13.99.   From the bottle: ""Recognized as a ""Four Star"" vintage, our 2008 Sommavite Brunello exhibits the pure fruit of dark cherries, dried berries and flowers followed by a full-bodied yet silky finish. We suggest opening the bottle an hour in advance and matching with hearty cuisine.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata certainly starts off right. Abundant aromas of dark fruit, dried herbs and some spice combine to create a very attractive nose. Tasting the wine reveals a very smooth and silky texture with dark, sour fruit. The tannins are soft and dry. Theres not a lot of complexity here, but it is certainly tasty. On the finish the dark fruit turns even more sour. Im sure Brunello aficionados could pick this one apart but the bottom line is that for $14 this is quite a nice wine (and less than 1/3 the cost of a normal Brunello).  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco which is 100% Nebbiolo from Piedmont, Italy. Again, this wine is available exclusively at Trader Joes. It was purchased for $9.99.   From the bottle: ""Barbaresco is a distinguished and aristocratic red wine. Ruby-red shading to garnet in color, it is very intense and forward with scents of violet and vanilla. Rich and generous in the mouth, with an elegant and lingering finish.  13.5% Alcohol""As we stated above this wine is a Trader Joes exclusive which many times makes finding the actual producer of the wine difficult. In this case a web search revealed that the label was trademarked by Terre da Vino, a cooperative of 3,000 growers representing almost 15,000 acres of vineyards in Piedmont, Italy. It doesnt look like they have many wines available in the U.S. but the few that do make their way here are not cheap.   The 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco begins with a pleasant aroma of black cherry and spice along with a little licorice and a hint of leather. This medium-bodied wine tastes soft and easy to drink with fine, dusty tannins and lots of savory red and black cherry. It also has good acidity which would help to make it a very good food wine. It ends dry, with good length and long lingering spice notes. While I havent tasted a ton of Barbaresco in my lifetime (since it is typically out of our price range), I have had a lot of $10 wine and this is one damn tasty bottle for that price. And as good as this wine is, dont bother with the $20 Barolo from the same label -- its not up to nearly the same standard.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8."
421,"  80% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Ninety Plus Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Story: This Super Tuscan is not a muscular Italian guy with a cape. Its really just a wine made from Tuscanys native Sangiovese, pumped up with a little Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot and then aged for a year in oak. The result, shall we say, is heroic.  Taste: An exotic blend of aromas consisting of black cherry, fig, wood spice, camphor, wild flowers and leather. The wine is medium to full-bodied with a gentle, caressing texture that sooths your palate and calms your soul. Try this wine with herb rubbed grilled steaks, sausage with lentils, or a few slices of aged Piave. Your friends will be jealous, so you better invite them over.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is a Toscana or Super Tuscan, which simply means that the wine does not follow the official blending rules of the Tuscan region, but still qualifies for the looser Super Tuscan status. Many producers found the official rules too restrictive, so this new classification was created years ago that allowed them to be a bit more creative with their blends. It also gave them a way to distinguish themselves from the ""vino da tavola"" or table wine label they would have had to otherwise use. The quality of these wines is generally pretty good, but prices can vary widely...from under $20 like todays wine to well over $100.  The 2009 Ninety+ Cellars Reserve Lot 57 Rosso Toscana begins with a nice strong aroma of blackberry, black cherry, spice and a great floral component. The wine tastes very good and features some luscious black cherry flavor plus some good spice. The wine has a pleasing silky texture and great firm tannins. The finish is long, dry and delicious. Close your eyes and you might even think youre in Tuscany.  Also check out our review of another Ninety+ Cellars wine, the Lot 35 Tempranillo Cabernet Sauvignon Crianza.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120411"",  ""title"" : ""2009 90+ Cellars Reserve Lot 57 Rosso Toscana"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
422,"  91% Zinfandel, 8% Petite Sirah, 1% Carignan from Mendocino County, California. SRP of $18 and available as low as $13.99.  Sample received courtesy The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Artezin speaks classic varietal Zinfandel, with flavors of raspberry, pepper and spices. This wine is rich and supple with sweet tannins in the finish. An especially compatible wine with food, Artezin Zinfandel pairs well with grilled meats, pastas, and zesty cheeses. The wine is handcrafted from old vine, family-owned vineyards, located in the preeminent Zinfandel region of Mendocino County. Enjoy!  14.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Artezin Mendocino County Zinfandel begins with nice strong aromas of plum, clove, spice, raspberry and pepper. The wine tastes of raspberry, black cherry, and plum plus some spice and pepper that balance the juicy fruit nicely. This is a rich and savory wine. The finish is slightly dry and medium-long and features a great combination of nice soft tannins and fruit flavors. This wine is quite good on its own and also shows lots of potential for pairing with food. Id recommend this as a nice complement to a tomato based BBQ sauce.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110927"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Artezin Mendocino County Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
423,"   Silky smooth, tart and delicious.  80% Sangiovese, 10% Canaiolo Nero and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $20, available for as low as $14 and at Costco for $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Produced from grapes grown in the ""Classico"" zone of Chianti, between Siena and Florence, Banfi Chianti Classico Riserva has reached new heights as an aristocratic Tuscan wine. After a minimum of two years of aging, one of which is in Slavonian oak barrels, this well-balanced wine has flavors of cherry, vanilla, cocoa and spice. An elegant accompaniment to roasted meats, pastas and cheese.  13.0% Alcohol""Were just back from a long weekend exploring the wineries of Dry Creek Valley (more on that in the future) and after the amazing Zinfandel and Petite Sirah the variety we tasted the most was Sangiovese. And while the Sangiovese was excellent, California Sangiovese is not quite the same as its Italian counterpart -- not better or worse mind you, just different. This then made for an interesting contrast as we came home and tried todays wine from Tuscany.   The 2009 Banfi Chianti Classico Riserva begins with a fantastic aroma of sour cherry, violets, vanilla and dark chocolate. This is one of those wines with a bouquet so lovely and so strong that it pulls you in just walking past it. Tasting reveals a silky smooth, tart and delicious wine featuring tons of the classic Sangiovese sour cherry flavors that cry out for tomato based meat sauces. It ends dry with good length. A delicious version of the real thing from Tuscany.  And just to be clear, we love both both Italian and Californian Sangiovese! Heres one of our favorites of each: From California (Lodi): Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely! From Tuscany: Frescobaldi Nipozzano Chianti Rufina Riserva 2009 - Love At First Sniff. Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131113"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Banfi Chianti Classico Riserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/banfi-chianti-classico-riserva.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
424," South Africa may be an emerging market for Chardonnay but this wine has arrived! Chardonnay Showdown Post #10   100% Chardonnay from South Africa. 9 months in French oak. SRP of $17, but should be available for around $14-$15. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The legend of Boschendals wines goes as far back as 1685. Boschendals Chardonnay grows in mountainous soils under ideal conditions. Hand harvested grapes were pressed and fermented in a cool cellar environment to preserve the graceful citrus and tropical fruit flavours before some maturation in oak barrels giving the wine a rich texture with elegant depth and buttery dimensions. 14.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay exhibits a pleasing aroma of passionfruit and guava with some nutmeg and cinnamon. The wine tastes of the same sweet tropical fruit as the nose with a bit of graphite quality. There is a nice texture and spice to this wine. Oak is very apparent on the finish (but deliciously so) with some added lemon zest notes. Excellent and our highest ranked Chardonnay so far which makes this the wine to beat with only two competitors to go in the Showdown!  Other recommended buys from Boschendal: 2009 Boschendal 1685 Shiraz - A Perfectly Pleasing Pepper Party 2009 Boschendal 1685 Sauvignon Blanc Grande Cuvée - Complex and Creamy Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay Pinot Noir 2010 - A One-Of-A-Kind Combo Youll Want More Than Once  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110701"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
425,"  92% Sauvignon Blanc and 8% Semillon from South Africa.  Available for around $14. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle:""The legend of Boschendals wines goes as far back as 1685.  A long, cool growing season allowed the Sauvignon Blanc grapes in mountainous areas of the coastal region to ripen slowly, bringing concentrated flavors to the fore. Commitment to optimum cellar conditions allowed the flavors to be retained in the wine, creating a Sauvignon Blanc with complexity and character. Flavors of tropical fruits and asparagus are complemented by a steely raciness characteristic of a multidimensional wine reflecting superb fruit quality.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine will be the third weve tasted from Boschendal, and lets just say the other two have set the bar pretty high. One was the Chardonnay that won The Chardonnay Showdown and other is a Shiraz that has a spot on our current Top 10 list. Expectations were high and once again this South African winery delivered.  The 2009 Boschendal 1685 Sauvignon Blanc Grande Cuvée begins with pleasant aromas of tropical fruit, lime, and a good dose of fresh herbs along with a bit of grass. These same flavors carry over when tasting this creamy and smooth wine. I also enjoyed the spicy minerality that underlies the fruit and continues all the way through the medium-long finish. A very nice Sauvignon Blanc with great acidity, balance and complexity.  Other recommended buys from Boschendal: 2009 Boschendal 1685 Shiraz - A Perfectly Pleasing Pepper Party 2009 Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay - Hello, Its Very Nice to Meet You Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay Pinot Noir 2010 - A One-Of-A-Kind Combo Youll Want More Than Once  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120111"",  ""title"" : ""Boschendal Sauvignon Blanc Grande Cuvée 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
426,"  100% Riesling from Willamette Valley, Oregon.   Pick up some kosher wines at low prices. SRP of $18 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Brooks Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This Riesling was sourced from three Vineyards in the Eolo-Amity Hills - Our Estate, Amity Vineyards, both planted in the mid 1970s, and Sunset View. 1021 cases produced.  Founded in 1988, Brooks wines is dedicated to utilizing sustainable farming practices, intervening as little as possible in the winery, and producing small lots of wine to respect vineyard individuality and to create unique blending components. This results in wines with the greatest depth, flavors and balance. Enjoy!  11.8% Alcohol""Today we go to the Willamette Valley in Oregon -- not for Pinot Noir, nor for the areas best known white grape, Pinot Gris, but for Riesling. Brooks Wines is home to some of the oldest Riesling vineyards in the state, dating back to 1974. Brooks is also the producer of the excellent Ara Riesling (A Harmonious and Delicious Saturday Splurge) as well as the delicious Amycas white blend (Chips and Guac Anyone?) that we previously recommended.  The 2009 Brooks Willamette Valley Riesling may be a step down in price from their Ara Riesling, but it would be hard to tell based on its delicious taste. It begins with a mineral soaked fruit and honey aroma featuring apple, pear, honeysuckle, pineapple and a little bit of tropical fruit. The wine tastes really excellent with tart fruit and sweet honey flavors. The sweetness level is just about perfect for my taste. It also features a lively mouthfeel and crisp acidity. It finishes with lots of sweet and sour fruit that lasts a very long time. Downright Delicious!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120814"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Brooks Willamette Valley Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
427,"   Who says good Bordeaux has to be expensive?  50% Cabernet Sauvignon and 50% Merlot from Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Andre Lurtons family has presided over the prime vineyards of Chateau Bonnet for over a hundred years. Harnessing this heritage and tradition, and adopting modern winemaking techniques, Andre has crafted this refreshing, juicy red from classic Bordeaux varieties Cabernet Sauvignon (50%) and Merlot (50%).  13.5% Alcohol""As weve discussed previously, there seems to be a misconception about Bordeaux wines -- that they are, for the most part, prohibitively expensive. And while a few of them are (those that get the most press), the vast majority fall squarely into our under $20 criteria. Today we have quite a nice red that comes from Chateau Bonnet, a producer that we have enjoyed previously for their white and rosé wines. Lets see how the red wine compares...  The 2009 Chateau Bonnet Reserve Bordeaux Rouge begins with a very inviting aroma of blackberry, plum and spice. Tasting the wine reveals excellent juicy and vibrant fruit flavors but also a good dose of oak. This wine definitely needs some time to open up so I would recommend aerating or decanting it. Patience is rewarded greatly however, as once it gets some air we found it to be really delicious with blackberry, plum and licorice flavors and nice fine tannins. It ends with a great dry and fruity finish that features a bit of dark chocolate at the very end. Underlying the fact that it needs to be decanted, we found it to be even better on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121220"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Chateau Bonnet Reserve Bordeaux Rouge"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/chateau-bonnet-reserve-bordeaux-rouge.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
428,"   The last wine in our series, and its a good one!  100% Chardonnay from Limari Valley, Chile.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This Chardonnay is from a vineyard at 135m above sea level on the south bank of Limari River. The limited production wine was fermented and then aged in French oak for eleven months. Striking minerals and pear aromas are synonymous with this part of the Limari Valley north of Santiago. The oak adds generous helpings of vanilla and hazelnut. With a full and vibrant palate, the crisp acidity grants it a long finish.  14.0% Alcohol""Today is the last wine in our series on the Coastal whites of Chile, and it comes from a producer that we like quite a bit, Concha y Toro. This is their first white wine that weve sampled having previously tried two different Carménère: the 2009 Marques de Casa Concha and the 2009 Casillero del Diablo.  The 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of citrus and pear along with some mineral and nutty notes. The wine tastes really nice with pear and citrus flavors and a good silky texture. It also has good balance and a bit of vibrancy to it. The fruit really comes through nicely even though it sees quite a bit of time in oak. Overall a really nice Chardonnay!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120507"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       Wines in the Chile Coastal Whites series: 2011 Vina Casablanca Nimbus Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild Sauvignon Blanc 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay  Also be sure to check out Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carménère!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
429,"  100% Garganega. Available for around $12-$13.   Sample received courtesy Soave Consortium for review purposes.  From the bottle: Soc. Agt. Fattori Giovanni (Monteforte dAlpone) nella propria cantina de Terrossa (Verona) 14% alcohol.So not much info on the bottle, but Soave is made from the Garganega grape. This was quite a popular variety in the 70s and 80s, but its reputation was tarnished as producers cut corners to increase supply and lowered quality. Today Soave is on a bit of comeback and Italian producers are banking on its success, even going so far as to call it the next Pinot Grigio. The Soave Consortium which promotes the wine was kind of enough to send me two samples, the 2009 Fattori Motto Piane Soave and also the 2009 Cantina di Soave Rocca Sveva Soave Classico which I will review tomorrow. So lets get to it!  The 2009 Fattori Motto Piane Soave exhibits aromas of apple, melon, pear, and ripe fruit. The apple and pear flavors also come through when tasting plus honey and white pepper/spice. This wine is smooth and easy to drink. The slightly spicy finish is a little bit tart and has a nice honey tinged minerality that lingers. I liked this wine quite a bit and recommend closing your eyes and imagining yourself sitting outside a café in a small Italian town when drinking to really bring the flavor out!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110727"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Fattori Motto Piane Soave"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
430,"  81% Cabernet Sauvignon, 9% Petit Verdot, 5% Malbec, 3% Merlot and 2% Cabernet Franc from California.   SRP of $20 and available for $12.99 at Costco. Sample received courtesy the winery for review purposes.   From the bottle:""Francis Coppola Diamond Collection Claret, as its British-derived name implies, is made in the same style as Bordeauxs finest Medoc type wines. A Cabernet Sauvignon-based wine blended in a Bordeaux style, this wine exhibits an exceptional depth and truly unique flavors. In honoring the authenticity and heritage of wines made in this style by Captain Niebaum himself from California Vineyards dating back to 1910, we call our wine, Claret.  13.5% Alcohol""Claret, as the label mentions, is the term originally used by the British to describe Cabernet Sauvignon based Bordeaux blends. Almost a year ago we sampled the 2008 version of this wine and came away unimpressed. But as with every wine, each year brings new possibilities. And after recently enjoying the Rosso and Chardonnay from the Francis Ford Coppola Rosso and Bianco line we were eager to give the new vintage of this wine a try.  The 2009 Francis Ford Coppola Diamond Collection Black Label Claret begins with pleasant aromas of dark fruit, spice (anise) and vanilla. The wine tastes smooth with flavors of blackberry, blueberry and other dark fruit plus some other dried herbs and earthiness. A bit of toasty oak and spice emerges on the dry finish and resolves into lingering fruit and chocolate notes. This wine is quite good on its own and is much better than the 2008. It would probably be just about perfect with a nice juicy steak!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120123"",  ""title"" : ""Francis Ford Coppola Diamond Collection Black Label Claret 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
431,"  100% Cabernet Franc from Loire Valley, France.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $13. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Guy Saget Estates is a family owned and managed Loire Valley winery, now in its 8th generation.  Deep ruby coloured wine. Delicate and intense nose of fresh red fruits such as raspberries and redcurrants. Well-developed aromas, elegant, easy to drink, it has also vigorous fruity flavors with a spicy finish and well integrated tannins.  12.5% Alcohol""Its not often you see a wine made from 100% Cabernet Franc as is todays selection. Cabernet Franc is one of the parents of Cabernet Sauvignon (along with Sauvignon Blanc) and one of its distinguishing features is that it is able to withstand slightly cooler temperatures than Cabernet Sauvignon. This has made it popular in many non-traditional wine regions in the U.S. like New York, Colorado, Pennsylvania and Virgina. The primary region for this grape; however, is France and specifically the Loire Valley. Winemakers in this area commonly use Cabernet Franc in their fine Bordeaux blends but you also find a good number of wineries enjoying success with 100% Cabernet Franc, such as todays wine from Guy Saget Estates.  The 2009 Guy Saget Estates Marie de Beauregard Chinon Cabernet Franc begins with aromas of ripe dark fruit such as blackcurrant, plum and blackberry as well as vanilla. The wine tastes more of red fruit than black with cherry and raspberry flavors plus some nice silky tannins. A healthy dose of olive and herbs come through strong on the medium-long finish and really give the wine a distinct character. If the finish is a little too much for you when you first give it a try (as it was for my wife) just give it some time to breathe. It really mellowed out on day 2 and was very nice although personally I preferred it on day 1. Either way, you cant go wrong.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120120"",  ""title"" : ""Guy Saget Estates Marie de Beauregard Chinon Cabernet Franc 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
432,"   Super Savory  100% Malbec from Ugarteche, Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""We have tasted thousands of wines since we began importing from Argentina and have found a handful of grape growers whose vineyards have been truly amazing year in, year out. Our first encounter with many of these growers was at a posta, or ""tavern"", where they drank wine and spoke passionately for hours about their soils, their vines, and their quest for superior flavors in their grapes. We salute the hard work and skill of Angel Paulucci by offering this vineyard-designated release made with his special Malbec grapes.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2009 La Posta Del Vinatero Angel Paulucci Vineyard Malbec begins with a very nice aroma of riple plum, blackberry and a little pepper plus lavender and violet floral notes. The wine tastes excellent with savory and juicy fruit along with smooth spice wrapped up in a silky texture. The primary flavors in this medium-bodied wine are blackberry, black cherry and plum. The spice continues on the dry finish and lingers for a long time, resolving into vanilla and caramel notes at the very end. Highly recommended!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130109"",  ""title"" : ""2009 La Posta Angel Paulucci Vineyard Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/la-posta-angel-paulucci-vineyard-malbec.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
433,"   A serious wine built to age.   100% Pinotage from Breedekloof, Breede River Valley, Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Before the advent of bridges, a safe river crossing, usually a shallow point (a ""drift""), was essential to both man and beast, including the prides of lions that crossed the rivers of the Western Cape in search of prey. Since those days, the Cape Winelands, as this area is more commonly known among wine lovers of the world, has continued to produce wines of outstanding quality. Comprising numerous valleys and riverbeds, the Cape Winelands offers an exceptional terroir, with an array of mesoclimates that produces great complexity in wines. Today lions no longer traverse the valleys, or cross the drifts. But this classic wine celebrates the time when lions roamed freely in the Western Cape.  14.5% Alcohol""Pinotage, a grape created in South Africa as a cross between Pinot Noir and Hermitage (Cinsault) in the early 1900s, is what I would call an under appreciated variety. What really should be the signature grape of South Africa has been relegated to a blending agent, and pigeonholed by many as an ""acquired taste"" in single varietal bottlings. Todays wine is a great example of the type of wine Pinotage can produce when it is taken seriously.   Silkbush Mountain Vineyards went all out to create this 100% Pinotage. From the combination of two types of French oak and specially coopered American oak from my neck of the woods, this is a wine built to age: A third element of the blend came from specially coopered Minnesota and Wisconsin American oak hogsheads (300 Liter) casks. These provided some mid-palate sweetness and generosity, with savory touches of fennel and toasted almond, a rare complex of flavors unique to these Northern forests.Of course, all this is for naught if the wine doesnt taste good, so lets get on with it, shall we?  The 2009 Lions Drift Pinotage begins with aromas of black currant, plum and spice along with hints of tobacco and vanilla. The wine tastes really delicious. Theres lots of toasty oak, but its not overwhelming and adds beautifully to the flavor profile that includes lots of dark fruit, vanilla, layers of tasty spice and slightly dusty tannins. This medium to full-bodied wine also features very good acidity and a nice, smooth mouthfeel. It ends with good length and more pleasant spicy notes. Bring on the Pinotage!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130403"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Lions Drift Pinotage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/lions-drift-pinotage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
434,"  100% Riesling from Alsace, France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our Riesling Reserve is made from our best selection of this noble varietal. This wine is 100% Riesling and is distinguished by a piercing and beautiful aroma suggesting spring flowers. We consider Riesling one of the signatures of our ""Maison"". We like to serve Riesling with seafood, seashell.  Maison Lucien Albrecht was founded in 1425 in Alsace and settled in Orschwihr in 1698. Today, our winery remains family-owned and managed. Our estate includes some of the most prestigious Alsace terroirs in the Grand Cru Pfingsberg and several superb monopoles including the famous Clos des Récollets. In our vineyards we emphasize a harmony with nature and, in our cellars minimal intervention in order to produce, in each vintage, hand-crafted wines that represent our terroir and family heritage.  13.0% Alcohol""Riesling is generally regarded as one of the most important white varieties, along with Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc, even though its popularity is not as high as those other two. Even so, it seems to be the white wine that gets talked about the most by the hard core wine geeks. And its with good reason, as its one of the few white varieties that can improve with significant aging.   Riesling is grown all over the world, but it tends to express itself differently within each region. And perhaps one of the best regions for Riesling is Alsace, France where todays wine is from. In Alsace, Riesling can be traced all the way back to the 1400s and today it accounts for about 20% of the vineyard plantings.  Todays wine also comes from Lucien Albrecht, a producer we are very familiar with having tasted their delicious Gewurztraminer Reserve as well as two fantastic sparkling wines, the Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé and the Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut.  But on to todays wine! The 2009 Lucien Albrecht Reserve Riesling begins with a very nice aroma of flowers and some lightly spicy apple notes. The wine tastes really lovely with apple and pear flavors and good acidity. Delicately sweet and delicious is the best way to describe this very refreshing wine. The finish features just a bit of flinty minerality underneath some slightly sour apple notes. A wine that is quite enjoyable to drink and has a wonderful harmonious quality to it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120711"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Lucien Albrecht Reserve Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
435,"   Deliciously rough around the edges.   85% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 5% Cingiolo from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Chianti Classico DOCG is an intimate expression of the Chianti Classico area, embodying 130 years of winemaking tradition of the Piccini Family.  13.0% Alcohol""Chianti is confusing. With 8 different sub-zones, varying rules on production, a classification called Superiore that can be used in 7 of the 8 zones, and a number of wines that could be labeled either as Chianti or things like Brunello di Montalcino or Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, its no wonder consumers are confused. I guess this is what happens where your wine region has been around since the early 1700s...300 years later there are a lot of rules! My best advice is to pretty much ignore all the labels and just drink a bunch of wine from this area to find what you like. And believe me theres plenty of affordable delicious wine to explore! Take todays wine for example...  The 2009 Piccini Chianti Classico is a bit restrained when first opened and needs a bit of time for the aromas to open up. When they do youll find plenty of delicious fruit, mostly berry, with a bit of sage and other baking spices. Tasting the wine reveals lots more fruit, again mostly berry, but quite tart. The wine features silky, dusty tannins and comes off as a bit rough around the edges but that is exactly what you want in a Chianti. Add in some really nice acidity and you have a great match for rustic pasta dishes. It ends with more delicious tart berry fruit and good length. Excellent!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130102"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Piccini Chianti Classico"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/piccini-chianti-classico.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
436,"  100% Carménère from Rapel Valley, Chile.  SRP of $19.99 but available for as low as $13.99. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Reserva de Familia Gran Reserva Carménère D.O. Valle del Rapel  Deep ruby red in colour with a violet tinge, this wine has intense, ripe ref fruit aromas and hints of spice. The palate is also fruity; blackcurrant and blueberry are beautifully integrated with flavours from 12 months of barrel-ageing such as vanilla, truffles and smoky notes. Its a concentrated and smooth wine with a long finish. Best served with red meats or pasta with seasoned sauces.  15.0% Alcohol""The founder of the Santa Carolina winery dreamed of producing Bordeaux style wines so he convinced several French winemakers to pack up and move to Chile. Not only that, but they brought their vines with them. Its rather amazing to think that someone in 1800s could basically bring vine clippings from France all the way to Chile, plant them, and many years later have thriving vineyards. Not only is it true, but its a story that happened in many different countries. Today we have a lot of good wine like the Santa Carolina as a result.   The 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère begins with aromas of dark, ripe fruit mixed with earthy spice. There are also some slight cedar and vanilla notes. The wine tastes of blackberry and plum while the earthy/herbal notes from the nose also carry over and mix with some oaky spice. This is a full-bodied, savory wine with smooth fruit flavors. The finish features dense, spicy tannins and black pepper. Smoky notes linger in the mouth. This is one of my favorite wines in this series.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111025"",  ""title"" : ""Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Tour of Chile Series 1) 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère 2) 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 3) 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 4) 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère 5) 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 6) 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 7) 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère 8) 2007 Haras de Pirque Character   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
437,"  42% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Shiraz, 14% Grenache and 14% Petit Verdot from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Thelema Mountain Vineyards Winery lies above Stellenbosch on the picturesque slopes of the Simonsberg Mountain. Thelema is family run and produced its first wines in 1988.  This wonderfully delicious wine is accessible and ready to drink now. Aged in oak barrels for 18 months, for smooth texture, it exhibits focused cherry and plum flavours with a clean round finish.  14.5% Alcohol""From our Top 10 Reds list to ten of our favorite red blends under $10, were huge fans of red blends. Today we have another delicious one, this time from South Africa. Mountain Red is Thelemas second label, but lucky for us it is made using their own estate grown fruit. And at a price less than half of the single varietals on the main label, things are looking good for reverse wine snobs.  The 2009 Thelema Mountain Red begins with a big, eye-opening aroma of smoky plum and other ripe dark fruit. The wine tastes bold, smooth and spicy with delicious dark fruit and smoke followed by lots of spicy black pepper. The oak influence comes out on the dry finish which features dusty tannins and more smoke and black pepper. Its even better once it has some time in the glass as the oak on the finish mellows out a bit more, but regardless this is a tasty one!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120913"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Thelema Mountain Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/thelema-mountain-red-2009-bold-smooth-spicy.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
438,"  40% Zinfandel, 40% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Syrah, 10% Petite Sirah. SRP of $20, but available for as low as $14.   Sample received courtesy Wine Guerrilla for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""You wouldnt expect a sissy blend from a revolutionary. Our new Cru gets big and bold with zinfandel, cabernet sauvignon, syrah, and petite sirah. Its like the Fab Four of wine -- zin the ""cute one"", cab the ""clever one"", syrah the ""quiet one"" and petite sirah the ""funny one"". Together, they make beautiful music.  WineGuerrilla.com 14.5% Alcohol""When I saw that this wine called out ""sissy blends"" on its label I have to admit that I got a little worried I could be dealing with a major fruit bomb -- but while this is definitely a big wine, it doesnt go overboard. The 2009 Wine Guerrilla Sonoma County Rebel Cru Red has a nice strong aroma of blackberry, ripe fruit, spice, and vanilla. The wine tastes of blackberry and black cherry with a silky/velvety mouthfeel. The finish is very smooth, almost subdued, and lingers nicely. The 2009 Wine Guerrilla Rebel Cru Red makes a ""big and bold"" promise and it delivers!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110729"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Wine Guerrilla Sonoma County Rebel Cru Red"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
439,"  100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Albarino Explorers Club for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Valminor presents a yellow straw colour. On the nose, the wine shows a wide fruity range of aromas with notes of melon, apricot and grapefruit. In the mouth, it is fresh and tasty, boasting a taste of apple and fruit with elegance.  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second we drank a couple weeks back on #AlbarinoDay. We first tried the Salneval Albarino and enjoyed it very much. In fact, I dont think Ive had an Albarino yet I didnt enjoy. If this is a variety you havent tried, you really need to give it a chance this summer. Well have more reviews of this delicious and refreshing variety coming as well.  The 2010 Adegas Valminor Albarino Edicion Especial 10 Anos begins with a restrained bouquet of green apple, pear and floral aromas along with some nice herbal notes.  When tasting the wine you are greeted with refreshing flavors of fresh green apple, pear and lime. This is a very smooth and very easy to drink wine that has a really nice texture and mouthfeel. It ends with more delightful fresh fruit flavors which intensify and then linger for awhile. Excellent.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120524"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Adegas Valminor Albarino"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
440,"   Another Gem From Italy.  100% Friulano from Friuli, Italy.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Bastianich and Dark Star Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Adriatico is a unique collaboration spanning borders of three nations, uniting a common passion for 3 indigenous varieties that find their maximum expression at the northern tip of the Adriatic Sea.  This Friulano, from Italys Colli Orientali Del Friuli DOC, shows ripe peach and mineral with an uncommonly lush mouthfeel and a fresh finish with hints of almond.  13.0% Alcohol""Friulano (free-oh-LAH-no) is the most widely planted grape in Friuli where it has been grown since the 1600s. Friulano is the local name for Sauvignon Vert and today it is found almost exclusively in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy. (It used to be present in Chile where it was mistaken for Sauvignon Blanc, but once they realized their error those plantings declined.) In any case, its a surprise to me that this grape isnt grown in more areas because it produces a very delicious, easy to drink white wine.  The 2010 Bastianich Friulano Adriatico begins with aromas of rich fruit (primarily pear and peach) along with floral notes and a bit of almond. Tasting the wine reveals fresh and lush fruit flavors (more pear and peach plus lemon) with lots of mineral notes underneath. The wine has great acidity and is really quite delicious. On the finish the fruit turns zesty and the mineral notes continue and last a good long time.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121003"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bastianich Friulano Adriatico"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/bastianich-friulano-adriatico-2010.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
441,"   Piedmont for under $20.   100% Barbera from Langhe Albesi, in the zone of Barolo and La Morra, Piedmont, Italy.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Boisset Family Estates.  From the bottle: ""Single vineyard. Aged 12-15 months in oak. Harmonious flavors of red berries and spice. Delicious with red meats, ham and cheeses.  14.0% Alcohol""Beni di Batasiolo has a long history in the Piedmont region, dating all the way back to 1882. The family started with just 8 acres, but by the late 1970s had become the largest land owning family in Barolo. 60% of the wine in tiny Barolo (talk about a prime area -- its only 3 miles by 5 miles large!) is produced by coops.   Beni di Batasiolo is not just about Barolo however (which well be reviewing in the future) -- the family also produces Chardonnay, Gavi, Moscato, Barbaresco and more including Barbera which is what we have for you today.    The 2010 Beni di Batasiolo Sovrana Barbera dAlba begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring cherry pie, a little cedar and a little chocolate. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals silky smooth flavors of plum, cedar, cherry, cranberry and other oaky notes. It ends dry with slightly chewy tannins and long lasting notes of sour fruit. A beauty of a Barbera for under $20!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = { ""id"" : ""5501784"", ""unique_id"" : ""20130927"", ""title"" : ""2010 Beni di Batasiolo Sovrana Barbera dAlba"", ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/beni-di-batasiolo-sovrana-barbera-dalba.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
442,"   Drink More Albarino!  100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Masaveu Bodegas and Folio Fine Wine Partners for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Fillaboa was made exclusively from Albarino grapes grown in our estate vineyards. Fillaboa belongs to Bodegas Y Vinedos de Casa Masaveu.  13.0% Alcohol""Weve covered a number wines made from Albarino here on The Reverse Wine Snob including several from Rias Baixas in Spain, which might be the most renowned region for this delicious variety. Those wines include: The 2010 Salneval Albarino - An Albarino A Day Keeps The Heat At Bay. Try it with BBQ ribs! The 2010 Licia Rias Baixas Albarino - A Summer Staple. Nicely fruity with a touch of effervescence. The 2010 Valminor Albarino - Fresh, Smooth and Satisfying. Features refreshing fruit flavors with a wonderful texture.  The 2010 Bodegas Fillaboa Albarino Rias Baixas begins with lots of lemon, peach and grapefruit aromas along with hints of custard. Tasting the wine reveals many of the same flavors as the bouquet (lemon, peach and a bit of creamy custard) along with some melon notes. This light-bodied wine has a very nice, fresh acidity. It ends with tart citrus highlights that last a good time. Yum.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120927"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bodegas Fillaboa Albarino Rias Baixas"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/bodegas-fillaboa-albarino-rias-baixas.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
443,"  80% Chardonnay and 20% Pinot Noir from South Africa.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This unique blend of two noble cultivars is made from grapes grown on cool mountain slopes with deep gravel soils. The Chardonnay component contributes a richness and the backbone to the wine, while Pinot Noir adds the fruit and elegance with its characteristic hints of ripe red berries. This pale red copper colored wine is an unique combination in every aspect and a wine made with care and commitment, gentle oak maturation giving it the potential to age well if not enjoyed right now.  13.5% Alcohol""Chardonnay and Pinot Noir? In the same wine? I knew right away that I had to try this wine. On top of that, this one comes from the winery that produced our Chardonnay Showdown winner. And on top of that, it also comes from South Africa which has been doing some really exciting and unique things with wine. (See our Saturday Splurge last week, The Bernard Series SMV.) Throw the $14 price tag into the mix and how could I possibly resist?  The 2010 Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay Pinot Noir shows a copper color in the grass. It looks more like a white wine than a red but in addition to the blend, the Pinot Noir had minimal contact with the grape skins which is what imparts the darker color to red wine. My first thought on smelling the wine is that it reminds me of a Sauvignon Blanc. Gooseberry, tropical fruit, a little wet grass and a little spice are the primary aromas. The wine tastes; however, of peach and honey with light raspberry flavors and a real nice minerality. This one is very easy to drink with a nice combination of flavors and a long finish. I can see this being a good complement to many different foods.  Its always interesting to see reactions to a wine like this, precisely because it breaks conventions. If you drink this wine expecting a Chardonnay, you wont be blown away. If you go in expecting a Pinot Noir, youll definitely be disappointed. But if you can set aside those expectations and judge the Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay Pinot Noir on its own merits youll find a really nice, very drinkable and definitely unique wine. Thats plenty good enough for me and this one gets a well deserved Recommended Buy rating.  Other recommended buys from Boschendal: 2009 Boschendal 1685 Shiraz - A Perfectly Pleasing Pepper Party 2009 Boschendal 1685 Sauvignon Blanc Grande Cuvée - Complex and Creamy 2009 Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay - Hello, Its Very Nice to Meet You  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120210"",  ""title"" : ""Boschendal 1685 Chardonnay Pinot Noir 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     "
444,"   Tasty stuff!   60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Merlot from Medoc, Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Chateau Bourbon La Chapelle is a special selection of grapes from the 63-hectare Chateau Castera vineyard in the Medoc. The history of the Chateau Castera stretches back to the 14th century, making it one of Medocs oldest vineyards. From that same period, there also stands a remarkable tower that overlooks the village. These long-standing wines have a rich legacy. Thomas de Montaigne, the brother of the philosopher, Messire La Boetie, was one of the estates most prestigious owners. In the 17th century, a splendid chapel - that eventually lent its name to Chateau Bourbon La Chapelle - was constructed.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays selection is the second wine of Chateau Castera yet it comes from the very same vines as their main wine that sells for the twice the price. Sounds promising, but lets taste and see.  The 2010 Chateau Bourbon La Chapelle begins with pleasant aromas of ripe dark fruit (black currant, black cherry and plum), tobacco, leather and even a bit of smoke. When tasting the wine, its best to give it some air as it has quite a bit of oak right now, but theres definitely some nice fruit underneath as well. After an hour or so in the glass youll find a smooth, medium-bodied wine with deep fruit flavors plus a good amount of cola and a bit of spice. It ends dry with good length, lots of lingering fruit and a little tobacco and smoke. Tasty stuff!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131125"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Chateau Bourbon La Chapelle"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/chateau-bourbon-la-chapelle.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
445,"   Saint-Emilion for well under $20.   80% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Cabernet Franc from Lussac-Saint-Emilion, Saint-Emilion, Libournais, Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $18 and available for around $14. Imported by Allied Beverage Group. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""A solid balance of oak and dusty tannins combine with notes of lavender, minerals, plum and wood in this rich, full wine with a strong cherry finish.  Food Pairings: Filet Mignon, Grilled Vegetables, Lasagne, Roast Duck, Steak Tartare, Veal Loin  14.0% Alcohol""Merlot can be a tough sell these days, but not all Merlot is created equal. And lately weve been finding some eye-openingly good ones coming out of Bordeaux. It began with the Chateau La Fleur Morange Mathilde 2010 from Saint-Emilion, which we dubbed a ""Merlot With Moxie"". In fact, liked it so much that we gave it a spot on our latest Top 10 Red Wines Under $20. Today we continue with another excellent wine, this time from Lussac-Saint-Emilion, one of the satellites of the prestigious Saint-Emilion.  The 2010 Chateau Des Landes Lussac-Saint-Emilion begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, oak, plum, a little cedar and even a whiff of balsam wood. The wine tastes rich on the palate with more plum and black cherry along with a good dose of oak that continues into the dry, dusty tannin filled finish. This wine is probably still a bit young so give it plenty of air if drinking it now, or hold onto it for another year or two and enjoy it even more. And if you generally stay away from Merlot, this is definitely a wine to try -- if I was tasting it blind I would have guessed it had a lot more than 15% Cabernet Sauvignon in it.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140213"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Chateau Des Landes Lussac-Saint-Emilion"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/chateau-des-landes-lussac-saint-emilion.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
446,"   An Excellent Fusion of Juicy Fruit and Black Pepper.   97% Shiraz and 3% Cabernet Franc from Barossa, Australia.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Chateau Tanunda, Australias oldest and grandest Chateau is the site of the very first vines planted in the Barossa in 1845. The majestic building and its prime vineyards are privately owned by the Geber family who continue a century-old tradition of fine winemaking.  Our house style is classic and refined, combining both traditional and modern winemaking techniques to make superb handcrafted vines of complexity and intensity. Ripe berry fruit and exotic spicy notes marry with vanilla flavors and the Barossas unique earthiness on the long, lingering finish. Matured for 18 months in French oak. Grand Barossa Shiraz can be enjoyed now or cellared for up to seven years from vintage.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Chateau Tanunda Grand Barossa Shiraz begins with succulent aromas of spicy red and black cherry along with a bit of mint and vanilla creating a very enticing bouquet. The wine tastes juicy! This is a fairly big wine with lots of black pepper infused juicy fruit and a nice smooth texture. Its a bit oaky at first so be sure to give it some time to breathe. It ends with more black pepper along with some tobacco notes and, of course, plenty more juicy fruit. A really nice example of an Australian Shiraz!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130128"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Chateau Tanunda Grand Barossa Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/chateau-tanunda-grand-barossa-shiraz.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
447," BULK BUY!    Tasting four vintages of the same wine reveals some surprising yet consistently delicious results!   Today we have a fascinating exploration into the evolution of a wine over four vintages. The first vintage of the Don & Sons Sonoma Signature Pinot Noir was in 2008. In the subsequent years the oak treatment and barrel aging has changed, but as what is likely a testament to the high quality of the winemaking process, the end result is the same.   What perhaps surprised me the most was not that I rated 3 of the 4 years as a"
448,"  Pinot Blanc from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Bright straw yellow with fine greenish reflexes. Very fine bouquet, soft notes of apple dominate. Very straightforward on the palate with an elegant freshness and minerality and fine structure.  13.0% Alcohol""Today we travel back to Alto Adige to taste another wine from one of the more popular varieties in the area, Pinot Blanc (otherwise known as Weissburgunder). Since this area didnt become part of Italy until after WWI, both Italian and German are still spoken here, which is the reason for the use of Weissburgunder on the label.   Alto Adige is blessed with a unique landscape that is very pro-grape. Over 300 days of sunshine a year, a mild climate with the mountains protecting the vineyards from the cold winds and a big differential between day and night temperatures are just a few of the features that allow grapes to thrive, and therefore great wine to be made.  The 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc begins with very light and delicate aromas of apples, flowers and a touch of fresh herbs. Tasting the wine reveals mineral soaked juicy fruit, good acidity and a really pleasant mouthfeel. The wine has a bit of a creamy texture and liveliness to it that is quite appealing. The finish is great and has good length. This is one of those wines that just gets better and better the longer you sip it.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120727"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Other wines in the Wines From Alto Adige series: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein  Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
449,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $14 and available for around $13. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Now into our fifth decade of Growing & Winemaking in Napa Valley, the Tudal Family pays tribute with this distinctive wine to the iconic Canada Geese that annually migrate down the Valley and nest behind the crush pad. We know their incessant honking over the winery is a reciprocal toast to us. Our Sauvignon Blanc has bright citrus, green apple and ripe lemon flavors with a rich and silky texture.  13.8% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the same producer as the Tractor Shed Red which is my #1 wine on the current Top 10 list. Expectations were high, to say the least, but lets see how it does.  The 2010 Honker Blanc Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc from Cerruti Cellars (a Tudal Family Winery) begins with pleasant aromas of pineapple and citrus. The wine tastes very good with flavors of green apple, lemon, lime plus a little peach and grapefruit. Add to that nice acidity and a good satiny texture and youve got a winner. It ends with a nice crisp finish with some lingering pineapple. Overall just a really nice, crisp and refreshing Sauvignon Blanc.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120413"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Honker Blanc Napa Valley Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
450,"   Loco for Lodi Wine #3.   Zinfandel from Lodi, California.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The 2010 vintage in Lodi was extraordinary with a long, cool growing season yielding beautiful, evenly ripened fruit. With aromas of black cherry, cedar shavings, vanilla and spice, this wine offers rich, supple flavors of cherries and plum, perfect balance and a long, smooth, lingering finish. Nutmeg, cardamom and pepper enhance an exotic nose but bright, dark fruits enhance a superb mouth filling experience. Our winemaker thinks this may be the vintage of the century!  15.8% Alcohol""So what exactly is a Classic Lodi Zin, you might ask? Id describe it as a value-priced, big, rich, spicy, high alcohol Zinfandel from old vines (85 years old in the case of this wine). As weve discussed in the first couple installments of this series (here and here), Lodi is a great value region for all types of wine. However, when I had the opportunity to ask a couple of winemakers from the area which variety offered the very best value compared to other regions, the quick reply came back as Zinfandel. And the Klinker Brick was offered up as the ""Quintessential Lodi Zin"".   The 2010 Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel begins with a very pleasant aroma of black raspberry and other dark fruits, mint, and spice. Tasting the wine reveals remarkably little heat considering the 15.8% alcohol. The wine is smooth and soft with lots of rich dark fruit and spice. Its frankly quite fun to drink with lots of rich flavors, vanilla and caramel. Some oaky notes flow into the long finish. Very nice!  Wine in the Loco for Lodi Series: Uvaggio Vermentino 2011 - Loco for Lodi Michael David Winery Petite Petit 2010 - Just Plain Fun To Drink Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - A Classic Lodi Zin Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely!  Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - Super Ripe and Rich Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa 2012 - More Than Your Typical Rosé  Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - A Brilliant Burger Wine  Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera 2011 - A Beauty Of A Barbera  Gnarly Head Authentic Red 2010 - Ready to Party   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130529"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/klinker-brick-old-vine-zinfandel.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
451,"   Loco for Lodi Wine #2.   85% Petite Sirah and 15% Petit Verdot from Lodi, California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Like elephants whose size is imposing, Petite Petit is large! A  blend of 85% Petite Sirah and 15% Petit Verdot, offering a joyous explosion of color and fun! It is a substantial, dense, full-bodied, whopper style of wine loaded with pure black fruit and vanilla flavors that coat the palate. It reveals remarkable richness with a finish that is slightly dry and seems to linger.  One of the best vintages in recent memory, 2010 was a cool, long growing season combined with a medium crop resulting in very balanced and flavorful wines.  14.5% Alcohol""Today we have our second wine in our quick series on the wines of Lodi and already a theme is emerging. These wines are just plain fun to drink. The Michael David Petite Petit, a blend of Petite Sirah and Petit Verdot (thus the name) not only comes in a whimsical bottle, but also offers up a really pleasing alternative to Zinfandel.  The 2010 Michael David Winery Petite Petit begins with a very nice aroma of plum, vanilla, lots of spice and a bit of smoke. The wine tastes fruity without being too sweet and even has hints of vanilla and chocolate. With loads of rich, savory fruit, a nice slightly chewy texture and smooth but firm tannins this would make a nice BBQ wine -- I couldnt help but think it would go well with brats and other grilled fare when I was drinking it. Sounds fun to me!  Wine in the Loco for Lodi Series: Uvaggio Vermentino 2011 - Loco for Lodi Michael David Winery Petite Petit 2010 - Just Plain Fun To Drink Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - A Classic Lodi Zin Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely!  Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - Super Ripe and Rich Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa 2012 - More Than Your Typical Rosé  Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - A Brilliant Burger Wine  Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera 2011 - A Beauty Of A Barbera  Gnarly Head Authentic Red 2010 - Ready to Party   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130520"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Michael David Winery Petite Petit"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/michael-david-winery-petite-petit.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
452,"  Pinot Bianco from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $13. Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""A white rich in character and elegance with a typical fruity aroma with notes of apple and pineapple.  13.5% Alcohol""Alto Adige, in Northern Italy between Austria and Switzerland, is one of the oldest wine growing regions in Europe. Formerly part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire until just after WWI, this region benefits from both the mountains of the Alps (the Dolomites) and the Mediterranean sun. Well have much more on this unique wine growing region over the next few weeks as we feature a number of wines from this area.  A tremendous variety of grapes are grown in Alto Adige and one of the more popular white varieties is Pinot Bianco (also known as Pinot Blanc in France and Weissburgunder in Germany). All you Pinot Noir fans take note, Pinot Blanc is actually a genetic mutation of the Pinot Noir grape in which a vine occasionally bears white fruit. Wines made from Pinot Blanc are often made in similar style to Chardonnay. Well be reviewing a couple of wines made from this grape, but up first is todays wine from Nals Margreid.  The 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco begins with a very nice aroma of apple, peach, flowers and stones. The wine tastes very flavorful with a smooth and creamy texture and good acidity. The primary flavors include melon, apple, lemon and a little honey with a stone/mineral base that continues from the bouquet.  It ends with a juicy, flavorful finish with a pinch of spice and more mineral notes. A very nice wine that is quite approachable but still offers good complexity.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120705"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Other wines in the Wines From Alto Adige series: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
453,"  100% Torrontés from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13. Sample received courtesy Blackbird Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""La Rioja - Argentina  Memories - recuerdos - are timeless. With more than 300 days of sun each year, the Argentine landscape in the shadow of the Andés Mountains - is the sentinel of our memories.  The Torrontés comes from a dramatic desert vineyard located at 2,625 feet above sea level in the North of Argentina.  Created by The Vines of Mendoza with acclaimed consulting winemaker, Santiago Achaval, Torrontés is a crisp, dry, and intensely aromatic white wine that captures the fundamental qualities of high altitude terroir.  13.0% Alcohol""As I mentioned in the title and as you can see from the quote above, this is indeed a wine with altitude. This wine, along with the Recuerdo Malbec that we previously reviewed, are the two debut offerings from a new label that focuses on producing wines at higher altitudes.   Why high altitude you may ask? It is thought that the greater difference between the day and night temperature at higher altitudes helps to produce more flavorful grapes and even that the grapes themselves develop thicker skins. Thicker skins could mean more of those much desired and talked about antioxidants. Certainly sounds good, but lets find out how it tastes.  The 2010 Recuerdo Wines Torrontés smells syrupy sweet with aromas of citrus, floral, honeysuckle and peach. The wine tastes very nice and has a crisp liveliness to it. The predominant flavors are lemon, peach and little honey. The very refreshing, medium-length finish features lingering fruit with a little underlying minerality. Very nice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120208"",  ""title"" : ""Recuerdo Wines Torrontés 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
454,"   And the wine is pretty good too.   46% Cabernet Sauvignon, 28% Zinfandel, 19% Merlot, 4% Cabernet Franc and 3% Syrah from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13. 2,650 cases produced. Sample submitted for review. From Gundlach Bundschu, the winery behind the"
455,"  100% Lagrein from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $13. Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Dark garnet red by sight, this wine has an ample and intense nose, filled with delightful notes of ripe wild berries and violets. Its flavors are pronounced and sapid, but balanced by ripe and supple tannins. Well-structured with a long finish, this wine would pair deliciously with grilled and roasted red meat, game, or aged cheese.  13.0% Alcohol""Today we come to the fourth wine in our series on the wines of Alto Adige, Italys northernmost wine region. So far weve sampled the following wines from this area: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein And today we go back to Lagrein, which is the second most widely grown red variety in the region, behind Schiava.   The 2010 San Pietro Lagrein presents quite a captivating aroma combining dense plum, dark berries and spice with violet and licorice notes. The wine tastes spicy, gamy and fruity. The fruit component is quite juicy with lots of plum and really dark berries. The mouthfeel is smooth and soft. It ends with more savory fruit with a nice splash of spice and some lingering smoky notes. Very nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120818"",  ""title"" : ""2010 San Pietro Lagrein"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/san-pietro-lagrein-2010-wines-from-alto-adige.html"" };   Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
456,"   Chianti (pictured), Montepulciano dAbruzzo, Nero dAvola and Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, all well under $20.   You may remember Toscano Vineyards from the Brunello we covered as a Saturday Splurge a few weeks ago. Today we have four more of their red wines, all well under $20. These wines are available in the U.S. thanks to Chuck Hollis, who imports these wines made by Giuseppe Sala. Chuck didnt start out as an importer, in fact, he admittedly didnt know a ton about wine, but he knew enough that when he tasted these wines on vacation in Italy that they needed to brought over to this country. And so thats exactly what he did, and we, for one, are glad for it!  First up is the  2010 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Chianti a blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Canaiolo. It has an SRP of $15 and is available for $13. 50,000 cases produced, 12.4% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2010 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Chianti begins with a pleasant aroma of lots of red fruit. The wine tastes nice and savory with rich red berry fruit, some good spice and a touch of smoke. A bit oaky at first, but that dissipates with a little air. It ends nice and spicy with a medium-length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next is the 2011 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Montepulciano dAbruzzo which is 100% Montepulciano. It has an SRP of $14 and is available for $12. 50,000 cases produced, 13% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Montepulciano dAbruzzo begins with a nice, strong aroma featuring lots of bright fruit and some earthy notes. Just like the Chianti this one needs a bit of air to show its best. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals lots of red cherry and other fresh red fruits, soft and dry tannins and earthy notes that carry through to the finish that also features some tart fruit.   Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Nero dAvola is 100% Nero dAvola. It has an SRP of $17 and is available for $15. 30,000 cases produced, 14% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Nero dAvola begins with a very aromatic and very nice nose of lots of black raspberry, spice, and maybe even a little smoke. The wine tastes very smooth and is full of rich red fruit that turns tart on the finish and nicely integrated spice. This variety often makes a great pizza wine and this one is no exception. It ends with good length and lingering tart berry notes.   Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Lastly we have what on taste alone is my favorite of the bunch, the 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Vino Nobile Di Montepulciano. This wine is a blend of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Colorino and 10% Canaiolo it has an SRP of $18 and is available for $16. 30,000 cases produced, 13.5% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Vino Nobile Di Montepulciano begins with a pleasant aroma of blackberry, plum and spice. Like many of the others, the wine tastes a little oaky at first and needs some air. However, once it opens up this is a big, serious wine featuring wonderful dark fruit, a lush mouthfeel and dry, chalky tannins. It ends dry with good length and some lingering caramel notes. Excellent!  Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
457,"   My expert analysis: it smells good, really good.  100% Lagrein from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Lagrein, one of Alto Adiges indigenous varieties, is typically ruby to garnet red in color, with evocative scents of violets and blackberries. The taste is full, showing a strong structure.  The grapes come from vineyards planted in the clay, gravel and sandy soils coomon to the areas of Ora, Tramin and Egna.  Our Lagrein pairs well with game, red meats and cheeses.  12.5% Alcohol""Its been a while since we featured a wine in our series on Alto Adige, but were back today with another tasty one. Before we to get that; however, lets recap the first 8 wines we covered in this series: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein Today we have another Lagrein, a grape indigenous to Alto Adige and the second most popular red variety in the area.   The 2010 Tramin Lagrein begins with very strong, enticing aromas of blackberry, raspberry and violet plus some excellent cinnamon and licorice notes. Tasting the wine reveals it to be a little rough around the edges until it gets some air, but then it is quite delicious. The primary flavors are similar to the bouquet with the fruit turning a bit tart. The wine also has good acidity and pleasant, soft tannins contributing to a velvety texture. It ends with a really long, lovely finish with more berry flavor and some late developing spice that is quite nice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121205"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Tramin Lagrein"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/tramin-lagrein-2010-wines-from-alto-adige.html"" };   Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
458,"   Put down the Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc and pick up a Grechetto.  100% Grechetto from Montefalco, Umbria, Italy.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Grecante keeps alive a long tradition that dates back to the Renaissance. It is produced respecting ancient practices and traditions. Grecante is made from 100% Grechetto grapes and is a wine of distinctive character, clean and fruity.  13.5% Alcohol""Grechetto is a lesser known Italian grape that is typically used in blends and dessert wines. Luckily the Arnaldo Caprai winery in Montefalco has made a name for themselves keeping these lesser known varieties alive as single varietal wines. Exhibit A: Witness the Arnaldo-Caprai Collepiano Sagrantino di Montefalco 2005 - Exquisite! And exhibit B is right here today.  The 2009 Arnaldo Caprai Grecante Grechetto dei Colli Martani begins with pleasant aromas of apricot, pineapple, zesty citrus and honeysuckle. The wine tastes very flavorful with tangy tropical fruit and more apricot on a nice base of lemon/lime soaked minerals. Add in great acidity, a nice hint of spice and you have a very good food wine. The long finish is crisp, slightly bitter and full of minerality. A wonderful alternative to your everyday Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130107"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Arnaldo Caprai Grecante Grechetto dei Colli Martani"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/arnaldo-caprai-grecante-grechetto-dei-colli-martani.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
459,"   Deeper than your standard Malbec.  95% Malbec and 5% Bonarda from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Many harvests ago, Susana Balbo learned that great wines start in the vineyard. BenMarco wines pay homage to the people who care for these vineyards and the pride and passion they feel.  The vineyards are located in Mendoza -- a high desert at 3,000 feet elevation with plenty of sunshine. The warm days and cool nights allow the grapes to develop ripe and concentrated flavors. For BenMarco, all of the decisions in the vineyard, from how much to expose the grapes to the mountain sun to the harvesting, are made to preserve the purity and the raw flavors from this place.  Fill a glass with BenMarco and toast to the wonders of nature.  13.9% Alcohol""The 2011 BenMarco Malbec begins with a very enticing and complex aroma of blackberry, licorice, sweet spice, violets and coffee. The full-bodied wine tastes smooth and tasty with lots of dark juicy fruit plus chocolate and coffee. The oak influence stands out fairly strong, so give it some time to breathe. The wine finishes dry and savory with good length and nice spice. This one would make a great match with a steak!   Also check out the BenMarco Cabernet Sauvignon 2009 - Buy It By The Case!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130903"",  ""title"" : ""2011 BenMarco Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/benmarco-malbec.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
460," Find all of our Club W wine picks here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     Everything you want in a Cabernet at a fantastic price.   Cabernet Sauvignon from California.  Available for $13 exclusively at Club W. Sample submitted for review.  From Club W: ""Once youve found a prime purveyor for your meats, there’s nothing better. This wine is an ode to all the butchers out there who are so much more than just a merchant. You know, those who are your trusted adviser, your wise counselor, a member of your extended family, the local meat maven who helps you bring delicious, simple, home-cooked creations to your table every week. Because let’s face it, a perfect cut of beef next to a full glass of wine makes for one of life’s best simple pleasures. And so, Butcherblock is a wine to cook with, to dine with, to eat with. Its savory aromas of cedar box, dried tobacco leaves and vanilla coupled with flavors of fruity cherry and sugar plum make it ideal for carnivorous food pairings like beef bourguignon, stroganoff, tenderloin or wellington.  13.6% Alcohol""The 2011 Butcherblock Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very pleasant bouquet of black cherry, lots of spice, cedar and a little vanilla. Dont be afraid to give the glass a good swirl to really release all the aromas. Tasting reveals an easy drinking, medium-bodied wine filled with lots of savory dark fruit and well integrated spice. It also has a fabulous, long finish featuring lingering sweet fruit and very long lasting spice notes. Everything you want in a Cabernet at a fantastic price.  Want to find out more about Club W? Check out the post Club W - Delivering Delight and a Free Bottle of Wine as well as all of our Club W wine picks here. And if youre like us and you dread ordering wine online in the summer as temperatures heat up, have no fear: Club W has just introduced refrigerated shipping! This option will be triggered at no additional cost to you when temperatures warrant.    Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140603"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Butcherblock Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/butcherblock-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };     This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
461,"   Not Your Average Pinot Grigio!  100% Pinot Grigio from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the winery: ""The vineyards on the valley floor of the Lowlands around the towns of Cortina, Marge and Salorno are one of Alto Adiges largest white wine production areas and very famous for their fresh and fruity Chardonnays and Pinot Gris wines.  Light green lustres run through the radiant straw-yellow colour of this wine, whose aromas is rich in fruits, the most striking of which are pears and apples. An excellent balance gives this wine strength and structure. It is dry and smooth on the palate with a pleasant mineral aftertaste. Pinot Gris goes well with many dishes, especially lighter foods, fried mushrooms and fresh water fish.  13.5% Alcohol""Were now on our fifth wine in our series on the wines of Alto Adige, Italys northernmost wine region, and weve still got lots of good wine to come. So far weve sampled the following wines from this area: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein And today we sample our first Pinot Grigio from Alto Adige, a variety that expresses itself quite differently in this region than what you are typically used to drinking. And thats a good thing.  The 2011 Castelfeder ""15"" Pinot Grigio opens with a very nice aroma of pear, green apples and lots of fragrant floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals a really rich flavor lemon/lime flavor with nice minerality. You can tell right away that this is not your typical Pinot Grigio. With really good body and structure this wine has the ability to age for 3-4 years. It ends quite nicely with great intensity of flavor and very good length. Definitely a wine to seek out if youve never tried Pinot Grigio from Alto Adige!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120903"",  ""title"" : ""Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/castelfeder-15-pinot-grigio-2011-alto-adige.html"" };   Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
462,"   A standout in a crowd of Chianti.   90% Sangiovese and 10% Colorino from Tuscany, Italy. Made from organically grown grapes.  SRP of $15 and available widely for $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Natio, Italian for “native”, reflects the Cecchi family’s enduring respect for native soil, environment and people. Produced from organically grown, indigenous grapes, this wine capture the essence of small vineyard parcels situated within the historic Chianti region. The name itself draws what is the real protagonist in its conception, Nature. Natio is a product with a strong identity and uniqueness, with the aim of taking care of every detail and particular. During the production all the process are checked by both technicians of the company, to the person in charge of external control. All efforts are directed to obtain a fresh and fragrant wine, combined with a good structure of lively ruby red, Chianti Natio has intense aromas of fresh fruit with hints of spices. It is well- balanced and structured, soft, with notes that remind cherry, blueberry and plum.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Cecchi Natio Chianti exhibits fresh aromas of tart, dark fruit along with a little smoked meat and a hint of Italian spices. The wine is nicely balanced and quite tasty with loads of succulent sour cherry and other red berry fruit. Youll also find good acidity in this excellent food wine. It ends dry with chewy tannins, more sour fruit and an excellent spiciness on the long, slightly astringent finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130724"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Cecchi Natio Chianti"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/cecchi-natio-chianti.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
463,"   A unique blend of four varieties produces a serious wine.   25% Aragones, 25% Alicante Bouschet, 25% Petit Verdot and 25% Syrah from Alentejo, Portugal.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review. 60,000 liters produced.  From the bottle: ""In 2011, a mild summer with cool nights and a large diurnal amplitude allowed for a long and slow grape maturation. For this blended wine we separately vinified the 4 best varieties from the harvest 2011. Aragonez for red berried fruit aromatics, Syrah for body and texture, Alicante Bouschet for structure and Petit Verdot for elegance and balance.  14.5% Alcohol""Today we have a unique wine from a producer we enjoy very much, Herdade do Esporao. The Quatro Castas blend contains four different varieties, each making up 25% of the wine. What makes it unique is that while this ratio does not change from vintage to vintage, the varieties do. And while some years are made up of rather traditional blends, I can confidently say that I have never tasted a wine with the mix of grapes contained in the 2011. Lets see how it does.  The 2011 Herdade do Esporao 4 Quatro Castas begins with serious aromas of dark fruit, licorice, a little oak and a hint of mint. Tasting the wine reveals a fairly big wine with prominent tannins, which I enjoy, but overall the wine is still a bit young. Give it some time in the glass to lose some of the oak and youll find plenty of rich dark fruit and licorice. Better yet, give it another year or two in the bottle to develop and at this price itll be quite the steal. It ends dry with lingering black cherry, oak, dark chocolate and coffee flavors.  Also check out these two other recommended wines from Esporao: Monte Velho White 2011 - A Summertime Slam Dunk."
464,"   Inexpensive and oh so good.   Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $13. This review is sponsored by GetWineOnline.com where you can buy the 90 point 2011 Mendoza Vineyards 1907 Malbec at 35% off -- just $12.97 -- for a limited time! Imported by Tri-Vin Imports.  From the bottle: ""This vineyard planted by immigrants in 1907 has been producing premium wines from Argentina for over one hundred years.  This exceptional parcel of Malbec has been partly fermented in new French oak barrels to add an oaky complexity to the rich and vibrant jammy fruit characters of this increasingly fashionable grape variety.  13.8% Alcohol""As weve lamented in the past, Malbec under $20 is not as much of a sure bet as it was even just a few years ago. Its one of the natural consequences when a grape variety gets hot -- producers try to jack up production to take advantage and in doing so a lot of subpar wine comes to the market. Fortunately there is still plenty of great, inexpensive Malbec out there, its just not quite as easy to find as it once was. No worries however because today weve got a great deal on a prototypical, everyday Malbec.  The 2011 Mendoza Vineyards 1907 Malbec begins with a very pleasant aroma of blackberry, plum, spice and a little vanilla. The wine tastes smooth and medium-bodied with jammy and tart mixed berry fruit, lots of acidity and a nice dried herb element. It ends smooth with more tart fruit and good length. A classic, everyday type of Malbec, which is a very good thing!  Buy the 90 point 2011 Mendoza Vineyards 1907 Malbec for just $12.97 (35% off!) for a limited time at GetWineOnline.com!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140424"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Mendoza Vineyards 1907 Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/mendoza-vineyards-1907-malbec.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Buy the 90 point 2011 Mendoza Vineyards 1907 Malbec for just $12.97 (35% off!) for a limited time!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
465,"   Super with a steak.  40% Cabernet Sauvignon, 35% Carménère, 15% Malbec and 10% Syrah from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $14 and available for around $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Four outstanding grape varieties compose this singular and distinctive red wine. Crafted with selected handpicked grapes, Quatro is the outcome of a judicious 10 months oak aged blend that shows the optimum balance between ripe fruit and velvety smooth tannins as well as the true characteristic of this particular vintage year. Its an ideal companion for hearty pasta dishes, flavorful fish entrees and red meats.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Montgras Quatro begins with very nice, strong aromas of blackberry, black currant, leather, vanilla and menthol. Tasting the wine reveals a wonderful, velvety, silky and even a bit chewy texture. This is a smooth, medium-to-full-bodied wine featuring lots of savory dark fruit and spice. The finish is dry with good length and ends with long lasting coffee notes. Very nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130114"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Montgras Quatro"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/montgras-quatro-2011-quite-good.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
466," Two Prime Picks for #AlbarinoDay!     Finally, a made up marketing day that I wholeheartedly support.   While I may not be a fan of all these made-up days, created solely for marketing purposes (#CabernetDay and the like), I am a fan of anything that promotes Albarino. Why? Let me put it this way...if Spain, which has more vineyard land than any other country, chooses Albarino as one of the very few white varieties that it produces and labels as a single varietal, there just might be something special here.   Today Ive got a couple picks to help convince you of this, but first lets find out a little bit more about Albarino.  Albarino Quick Facts:  Accounts for 90% of the grapes grown in Rias Baixas (ree-ahs-buy-shuss), Spain.  Also produced in Portugal where it is called Alvarinho -- and is used in some of those delicious Vinho Verde wines.  Usually fermented in stainless steel which produces a lighter bodied wine.  Barrel fermentation and oak aging are also occasionally used which produces a fuller wine.  Many times produced slightly effervescent, or frizzante.  This is a low yielding variety that is expensive to cultivate.  Generally best consumed within 3 years.  A great match with seafood.  Info taken from here and here.   Of course the best way to experience Albarino is to taste it, and so in addition to the two fine selections below be sure to check out all of our other recommended Albarino buys here. And now onto todays picks!  First up is the 2011 Pazo Torrado Albarino.      A lively little number.   100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.    From the bottle:  ""Pazo Torrado is a 100% Albarino wine from the Salnes Valley belonging to the Rias Baixas Designation of Origin in Galicia. The camelia flower on the label, symbolizes the freshness and floral beauty of this wonderful Albarino, with aromas of citrus and tropcial fruit flavors.   12.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Pazo Torrado Albarino begins with a salty, green apple aroma with complementary floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals a lively texture with fresh acidity and lots of lime, green apple and citrus flavors. This is a very pure and refreshing wine. It ends with a nice clean finish and good length. Its both easy to drink and interesting - two things that dont always go together.    See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Our second pick is the 2011 Adega Pazos de Lusco Albarino.     Why not make every day #AlbarinoDay this summer?   100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $19.99. Sample submitted for review.    From the bottle:  ""A Pazos de Lusco was founded in 1996 upon acquisition of the historic Pazo Pineiro estate, a 12 acre property offering ideal growing conditions for the spectacular, aromatic Albarino grape variety. Lusco, the result of superb fruit and natural wine-making, offers concentration and elegance on a par with the worlds finest dry white wines.   13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Lusco Albarino begins with pleasing aromas of pear, a little citrus, sea salt and a hint of lemon custard. Tasting the wine reveals a substantial mouthfeel with a nice zestiness to it. Youll also find lots of citrus and mineral notes plus a little tropical fruit that builds into the finish. This is a bigger wine than the Pazo Torrado, with everything amplified a bit. On the finish the tart tropical fruit continues for a surprisingly long time and a bit of lemon custard from the nose reappears.    See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
467,"   Domo Arigato Codega and Rabigato  A blend of primarily 50% Codega and 20% Rabigato from Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The wine comes from vines grown on granitic soils, 600m above the Douro Valley giving the wine a freshness and vibrancy but at the same time concentration and complexity.  13.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the Douro wine region in Portugal, tastes great and is made by a winemaker known for making excellent Port. The only thing is, its not Port. Believe it or not just as much great table wine is produced in the Douro as Port, but  its not often that we get to sample it. I would make it a point to change that. Todays wine is just one of many from this region that we will be sampling in the coming months.  The 2011 Quinta De La Rosa douRosa Douro White Wine begins with a very nice aroma of lime, grapefruit, apricot and honeysuckle. The wine tastes crisp and fresh with a lively, spicy texture that makes it quite fun to drink. The primary flavors are apricot, citrus and honey plus some really delicious tropical fruit. A great choice to pair with seafood or chicken.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121217"",  ""title"" : ""2011 douROSA Douro White Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/quinta-de-la-rosa-dourosa-douro-white-wine-2011.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
468,"   Portugal + Costco = Extreme Value.   60% Tinta Roriz (Tempranillo), 25% Touriga Nacional and 15% Touriga Franca from Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $18 and available for just $12.99 at Costco. 98,000 bottles produced. Imported by M Imports.  From the bottle: ""This wine is produced using traditional Portuguese grape varieties - Tinta Roriz (60%), Touriga Nacional (25%) and Touriga Franca (15%), and aged for 9 months in new and one year French barrels. It is ruby in colour with a ripe red fruit and spicy fragrance. This full bodied wine has smooth tannins and good overall balance, with a long, fruity and fresh finish. An excellent example of a classic Douro wine.  13.5% Alcohol""Were big fans of the Douro region in Portugal whose table wines dont get nearly the recognition they deserve. Typically consisting of a blend of native Portuguese grapes that youve probably never heard of (unless youre a Port drinker), dont let that scare you away! One of our mantras here at The Reverse Wine Snob is to experiment with new wine -- see Tenet #3 on our Ten Tenets of Reverse Wine Snobbery -- and if youre not trying wine from Portugal youre missing out. When wines like these sell for well under $15, youve just found the definition of extreme value:  Esporao Assobio Douro 2011 - More Beautiful Than Ever Tuella Douro 2012 - A Trader Joes $5.99 Hot Pick Doural Tinto 2010 - A Table Wine Youll Be Happy To Have At Your Table Montaria 2012 - Exceedingly Drinkable Muros de Vinha Vinho Tinto 2010 - A Gem Today were featuring another such example which also benefits from the Costco pricing model. The 2011 Quinta Do Portal Colheita Tinto begins with complex and pleasant aromas of black cherry, blackberry, plum, spice and a little cedar. It doesnt just smell good either -- the wine is quite enjoyable to drink with plenty of spice and good acidity. Hints of dark chocolate are infused into the juicy and sweet blackberry fruit. Fine tannins and a nice graphite minerality lead into the long, dry finish.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141009"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Quinta Do Portal Colheita Tinto"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/quinta-do-portal-colheita.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
469,"   Add some character to your white wine rotation.   Assyrtiko from Santorini, Greece.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $13.59. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""SantoWines Assyrtiko comes from the mountainous vineyards of the island. Assyrtiko gives its best performance in Santorini volcanic earth and results this fresh and crispy wine with intense minerality and citrus fruits aromas. Enjoy it at 10C with fish or sea food dishes.   13.5% Alcohol""Its been awhile since weve reviewed any wine from Greece so today we go to Santorini, one of the oldest winemaking regions in the world, and their signature variety, Assyrtiko. You can read more about this amazing island in our mini-series on Wines From Santorini.   The 2011 SantoWines Santorini Assyrtiko begins with aromas of lemon and other citrus fruits plus some nice floral notes. The wine tastes very crisp with good acidity, lots of tangy citrus and a bit of tropical fruit. Youll also find a nice thick mouthfeel and a wonderful salty minerality in this dry wine. This is a wine with a ton of character, you might even call it the antithesis of a boring white. It ends with very good length.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130909"",  ""title"" : ""2011 SantoWines Santorini Assyrtiko"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/santowines-santorini-assyrtiko.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
470,"   Young, Fresh and Fun  100% Grenache from Barossa Valley, Australia.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Terlato Wines International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""We always awake to a beautiful day in Australia. We have a fun filled culture of natural beauty, colour and spice backed by a lovely clean environment. Enjoy this rosé wine; a true expression of the lucky country.  14.5% Alcohol""My summertime enjoyment of rosé wine continues on with todays selection, which is really the definition of a young, fresh wine. After a very brief 24 hour contact with the grape skins, the grape juice is cold fermented, fined, filtered and then bottled -- all within just a few short weeks of the grapes being picked.  Australia is known as ""The Lucky Country"", a term that according to Wikipedia originally had a bit of a negative connotation to it -- as in they avoided a lot of the pitfalls that other countries encountered due to their historical origins and abundant natural resources that allowed them to coast so to speak.  Today; however, it is mostly used as a term of endearment. And today we have a rather endearing wine.  The 2011 The Lucky Country Rosé begins with really nice aromas of wild strawberries and cream, a little watermelon and dried herbs. Tasting the wine reveals lots of juicy and sour fruit plus some dried herbs wrapped up in a creamy texture with good acidity. It finishes with lots of zesty fruit, mainly orange and sour cherry, plus a little bit of spice and good length. A wine that just gets better and better the more you drink, so drink a bunch!  Also be sure to check out my Five Favorites - Refreshing Rosé post for more summertime quaffers!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120709"",  ""title"" : ""2011 The Lucky Country Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
471,"   The 2012 Cave la Romaine Cotes du Ventoux Rosé Tradition and the 2012 Chateau de Clapier Rosé.  Pairing wine with Thanksgiving dinner and other holiday meals can be tricky stuff but today we have your secret weapon: Rosé.  First up, why Rosé? I asked Tom Natan, the importer behind the wines we are highlighting today:  ""Pairing Thanksgiving dinner foods with wine can be tough -- theres a lot going on there, turkey and gravy, sweet potatoes, all sorts of vegetables. You need something with a little acidity to cut through it and a little heft of fruit and earthiness. Rosés, made with red wine grapes, can do this all better than white wines, and they look pretty on the table, too!"" Your next question will of course be, which ones? Weve covered lots of delicious rosé here at the site and today we have two more tasty ones that even come with a special discount from the importer!  First up is the 2012 Cave la Romaine Cotes du Ventoux Rosé Tradition, a blend of 85% Grenache and 15% Cinsault from Cotes du Ventoux, Rhone, France. Normally priced at $10 and available for 10% off to Reverse Wine Snob readers for a limited time (see below). Sample submitted for review. Imported by first vine.  From the bottle: ""Serve at 46-50F. Drink now or hold up to 2 years. Serve with fish and seafood, salads, poultry, Thanksgiving foods.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Cave la Romaine Cotes du Ventoux Rosé Tradition begins with pleasant aromas of citrus, bright and spicy mixed berry and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals a light and tasty wine with a nice viscous texture. Theres also a bit of almost spicy minerality flowing underneath that plays well with the fruit. It even has some pleasant soft tannins on the long finish. Quite nice!  Use code RWS2013 to get an extra 10% off the Cave la Romaine Cotes du Ventoux Rosé (and all other still wines) at first vine! (Discount is in addition to the normal volume discounts.) Expires January 1, 2014.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2012 Chateau de Clapier Rosé, a blend of 50% Cinsault, 35% Grenache, 10% Pinot Noir and 5% Syrah from Cotes du Luberon, Rhone, France. Normally priced at $13 and available for 10% off to Reverse Wine Snob readers for a limited time (see below). Sample submitted for review. Imported by first vine.  From the bottle: ""Serve at 46-50F. Drink now or hold up to 2 years. Serve with salads, seafood, spicy food, Thanksgiving dinner.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Chateau de Clapier Rosé begins with a fantastic aroma of strawberry, citrus, watermelon, a few floral notes and even a touch of sea salt. The wine tastes round and almost full in the mouth -- this one has a bit more substantial mouthfeel than your standard rosé and I like it. When tasting youll find similar flavors to the nose with nice acidity. It ends with surprising length. This is an easy to drink and delicious wine that has a very high quaffability factor. Highly recommended!  Use code RWS2013 to get an extra 10% off the Chateau de Clapier Rosé (and all other still wines) at first vine! (Discount is in addition to the normal volume discounts.) Expires January 1, 2014.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
472,"   You wont sour on this tasty blend.   70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Franc from Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Old Bridge Cellars.  From the bottle: ""Made from beautifully ripe and luscious Merlot and balanced nicely by a little Cabernet Franc, this wine displays all of its usual hallmark characteristics. It is a pale but vivacious strawberry rose colour with a gentle nose of fine, clean and intense fresh fruit flavours, which after a little air develops further aromas of grapefruit, raspberry and some delicate mineral characteristics. On the palate it shows the same enticing register of complex red summer fruits, with hints of bubblegum and mouth-watering strawberries and cream. It is surprisingly full and rich, but balanced by a lovely refreshing acidity and a long dry finish.  Probably the best rosé in the world AW  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Chateau De Sours Bordeaux Rosé begins with fresh aromas of red currant, strawberry and a hint of cranberry. Theres even a little slate minerality thats quite nice. Tasting the wine reveals more minerality, nice strawberry and raspberry fruit and even a hint of sea salt that I love so much in a good rosé. The berry fruit turns zesty on the long, dry finish. This is a really tasty and flavorful blend!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131209"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Chateau De Sours Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/chateau-de-sours-bordeaux-rose.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
473,"   Still one of our favorite Kirkland Signature wines from Costco? Read on...   58% Merlot, 26% Cabernet Sauvignon, 8% Petit Verdot, 6% Cabernet Franc and 2% Malbec from Rutherford, Napa Valley, California.  Available for $13.99 exclusively at Costco.  From the bottle: ""The Napa Valley, Rutherford AVA is known for its unique terroir of volcanic-influenced soil laced with gravel, sand, and loam.   ""Deep, concentrated, black cherry notes are surrounded by ripe black currant, cinnamon and sweet oak spice. The lifting acidity frames the rich fruit and the classic Rutherford Dust."" -- Winemakers Marco DiGiulio & Glenn Hugo  14.9% Alcohol""Todays wine is one weve enjoyed immensely over the last few years, offering a chance to sample wine from the prestigious Rutherford AVA in Napa Valley. And while this current iteration is very good, its not quite up to the level of previous offerings. The reason likely comes down to simple economics.  Unfortunately the amount of Cabernet Sauvignon in this wine has been dropping the last couple vintages, from 70% in 2009 and 2010 to 49% in 2011 and now just 26% for the current 2012 vintage. The reason is likely cost.   There are almost no other red wines under $20 coming out of this highly esteemed region, much less any that are Cabernet Sauvignon based. Since Cabernet is the most sought after grape in this area it sells at a premium, even over and above the premium already given to Cabernet in the rest of Napa Valley. And while this Meritage isnt quite the same without all that wonderful Cabernet, it still offers quite a good value.   The 2012 Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, plum, blackberry, licorice and a little baking spice. The wine tastes nice, but is a bit more one dimensional than previous vintages. Youll find loads of jammy fruit and other flavors quite similar to the nose. Dry, grippy tannins lead into the medium-long finish which still features that trademark dusty texture known as ""Rutherford dust"".   While it may not be up to the level of previous vintages this wine still offers a ton of value and perhaps the only opportunity under $15 to experience that signature finish.  Available exclusively at Costco. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140407"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/kirkland-signature-rutherford-napa-valley-meritage.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
474," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     Smoky, spicy, fruity and earthy.   60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon from Bordeaux Superieur, Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $30.99 and available to Naked Wines Angels for $13.99 or to new sign-ups for as low as $6.49 a bottle by combining the Angel discount with the $100 sign-up voucher below. See this post for details. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Lestonnat winery is family owned and located near Saint-Emilion. We source fruit from the best vineyards and terroirs within the Bordeaux Superieur appellation to create a dense, structured yet delicate wine reflecting the extraordinary potential of the region.  ""As the Lestonnat winemaker and owner, my vision is to craft world-class wines that are true to their Bordeaux heritage - stylish, great for cellaring and memorable tastings"" - Joost van der Does de Willebois  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Lestonnat Bordeaux Superieur begins with smoky and a bit green aromas along with red fruit, licorice, vanilla and a bit of cinnamon and chocolate. This wine is not a pop and pour proposition as it definitely needs a good decant to show as its best. After that youll be pleased to find a smooth and tasty medium-bodied wine with a good earthy undertone. Nice streaks of baking spice and black pepper lead into the dry, medium length finish.   Check out all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here.   Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140908"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Lestonnat Bordeaux Superieur"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/lestonnat-bordeaux-superieur.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
475,"   An easy drinking wine from old vine Shiraz.   90% Shiraz and 10% Malbec from South Australia.  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Misfits Wine Co. Cycle Buff Beauty Shiraz 2012 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order! 1,800 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""Like a 32 waist in a fat man store, Misfits Wine Co. doesnt seem to fit in. At the heart of this outfit are 3 unexpected wine souls, all about the produce, not about conforming to the current ideology of the wine selling set. Chris Columbus wanna-bes are in business; Misfits is a part of a whole new winemaking culture ready to be discovered. Misfits Productions rejects convention, doing whatever it takes to make the best product possible.  The Cycle Buff Beauty, a tale of escape. How two exquisite beauties escape the clutches of heathen hands that would nave otherwise squeezed all life from their precious bodies. This Malbec Shiraz is a tribute to those who held onto their precious rose and escaped the clutches of those who just don’t know.  14.5% Alcohol""To be honest, I dont really get the premise behind the label on this wine. In fact, the whole thing strikes me as rather gratuitous. That aside, the wine inside the bottle is really quite good, so lets focus on that!   The 2012 Misfits Wine Co. Cycle Buff Beauty Shiraz begins with a very aromatic nose - you can easily smell this one from even a few feet away. Blackberry, plums, lavender and notes of cinnamon and other spice predominate. I dont normally think of Shiraz in terms of old vines (like say Zinfandel) but this wine comes from 25 year old vines and it shows in the glass. It also spends 12 months in used French oak barriques. All of this adds up to a big, very ripe and very juicy wine with a smooth, silky texture and fine tannins. Youll also find similar fruit to the nose (blackberry and plum) plus more spice notes when tasting this easy to drink wine. It ends with lingering juicy fruit and oaky spice plus hints of tobacco and dark chocolate.  Get the Misfits Wine Co. Cycle Buff Beauty Shiraz 2012 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140918"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Cycle Buff Beauty Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/cycle-buff-beauty-shiraz.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Misfits Wine Co. Cycle Buff Beauty Shiraz 2012 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
476,"   Beautiful bottles filled with tasty wine!   Today we have a couple of brand new wines from South Africa that initially stand out thanks to their unique labels (actually ink fused directly to the glass at a high temperature). However, these two wines from Protea (PROH-tee-uh) offer a lot more than just a pretty face. Read on to find out just what we thought about what is inside these unique bottles...    2011 Protea Red First up is the 2011 Protea Red which is a blend of 65% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot and 5% Shiraz from Coastal Region, South Africa. It has an SRP of $19 and is available for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""With hints of blackberry, espresso, spice.   Protea, the national flower of South Africa, is cherished for its beauty and diversity. Taking this cue, our red blend strives for great fruit, balance and juiciness, and is ready to be enjoyed now.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Protea Red begins with aromas of dark fruit, spice and a hint of pyrazine (the class of compounds that gives green pepper its distinct taste). The wine tastes really quite good with lots of dark fruit (blackberry and plum mainly), a bit of cola, some nice spice and just like the bottle says a touch of espresso. Based on some of these flavors Im surprised this wine did not see any oak - it was aged in cement vats. Just like the nose there is again a hint of green pepper. It ends with spicy dark fruit and then lingering espresso notes. We found it to be even better on day 2 so be sure to give it plenty of air.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy    2012 Protea White Next is the 2012 Protea White which is 100% Chenin Blanc from Coastal Region, South Africa. It also has an SRP of $19 and is available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""With hints of pear, citrus, honeysuckle.  Protea, the national flower of South Africa, is cherished for its beauty and diversity. Taking this cue, our Chenin Blanc captures all the fresh, crisp fruit this too-often underappreciated grape has to offer.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Protea White begins with delicate aromas of honeysuckle, citrus and a touch of tropical fruit. The light-bodied wine tastes of lemon custard and tropical fruit and features a soft and smooth texture, yet still manages to maintain a crisp acidity. The tropical fruit turns a bit zesty on the medium-length finish. A very nicely done Chenin Blanc. And as an added bonus when youre all done drinking the wine check out the Protea website for some crafty ideas on what to do with these beautiful bottles!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
477,"   The combination of grape, place and retailer made this wine just too intriguing to pass up.   Petit Verdot from Rutherford, Napa Valley, California.  Available for $14.99 exclusively at Trader Joes. No info on bottle. 13.5% Alcohol. See all of our Trader Joes reviews here.  Dont miss yesterdays release of our Ultimate Gift Guide for Wine Lovers! Petit Verdot is a grape you dont see made into a single varietal wine very often, so to find it sitting on the shelves of Trader Joes was a bit of a surprise. Even more surprising is that this wine hails from the super premium Rutherford appellation in Napa Valley where it is unusual to find much of anything under $20. This unique combination of factors made todays wine just too intriguing to pass up.   The 2012 Trader Joes Grand Reserve Lot #36 Rutherford Petit Verdot is super dark and inky in the glass and it smells exactly like you would expect with intoxicatingly deep aromas of very ripe blackberry, plum, vanilla and oak. I love it. It doesnt completely follow through on the promise of the nose when tasting but its pretty darn good. This is a full-bodied wine with firm tannins and a smooth, deep and dark mouthfeel loaded with blackberry and lots of oaky overtones. Make sure to give it plenty of air to experience it at its best. It ends with a long, oaky, mouth-drying finish featuring more sweet blackberry fruit.   Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141202"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Trader Joes Grand Reserve Lot 36 Petit Verdot"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/trader-joes-grand-reserve-lot-36-petit-verdot.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
478,"   A great deal on a great wine.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Perdriel, Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Bodega Sottano Cabernet Sauvignon Classico 2013 for just $13.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!  From the bottle: ""Variety: 100% Cabernet Sauvignon  Oak Aging: 8 months in oak barrels, 70% french and 30% american.  Harvest: In small cases of 12kg in the 1st half April.  Eyes: Ruby hues.  Nose: Coffee, cassis and snuff.  Palate: soft and ripe tannins.  14% Alcohol""Cabernet Sauvignon is grown almost everywhere in the world, but despite this it seems to have become synonymous with California. And while California makes some excellent expressions of this grape, dont let that keep you from exploring other regions. Today for example we have an excellent example of Cabernet from the land of Malbec -- Mendoza, Argentina.  The 2013 Bodega Sottano Classico Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very pleasant aroma of black cherry, mint, a little oak and leather. The wine tastes ripe, tart, and smoky with lots of blackberry and black cherry fruit flavors and a nice smooth texture. Theres a good amount of oak influence from the 8 months spent in barrels but it integrates nicely. The medium-bodied wine ends dry and long with lingering tobacco notes. This is a great deal on a great all-around Cabernet.   Get the Bodega Sottano Cabernet Sauvignon Classico 2013 for just $13.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141119"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Bodega Sottano Classico Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/bodega-sottano-classico-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Bodega Sottano Cabernet Sauvignon Classico 2013 for just $13.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
479,"   Affordable New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc at its best.   Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $16. Imported by Massanois Imports. This review is sponsored by Zachys.com where you can get the 2013 Box O Birds Sauvignon Blanc for just $12.99!  From the bottle: ""box of birds colloq somewhat curiously, this is a standard answer to the inquiry ""How are you?"" and signifies that the speaker is cheerful, happy or in fine health. [ORIGIN New Zealand]  Nestled deep in the South Pacific, New Zealands wine regions enjoy a cool, dry, maritime climate ideally suited to fine wine production.  Fittingly from a country that was once ruled by birds, Box O Birds is a selection of our finest regional varieties.  Beautifully balanced, this wine showcases the fine aromatics which New Zealand wines are renowned for. To feel a Box O Birds, enjoy this wine with food and friends over the next three years.  12.5% Alcohol""As a remote island in the Pacific Ocean (and the worlds southernmost wine producing region), kiwis have a pioneering spirit and a style for doing things in their own, sometimes quirky, way. One of their greatest achievements in the wine world was to create a unique and extremely tasty style of Sauvignon Blanc. From the name, to the aroma, to the taste, todays wine is the perfect representation of the New Zealand style.  The 2013 Box O Birds Sauvignon Blanc begins with pretty classic New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc aromas. Theres lots of very pleasant gooseberry, lemongrass and tropical fruit, which all continue when tasting this crisp and tasty wine. Youll also find a fantastic lively acidity. What really sets this wine apart, however, is the excellent and very long finish. This is New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc at its best.  Get the 2013 Box O Birds Sauvignon Blanc for just $12.99 at Zachys.com! Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140710"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Box O Birds Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/07/box-o-birds-sauvignon-blanc.html"" };      This review sponsored by:    Get the 2013 Box O Birds Sauvignon Blanc for just $12.99 at Zachys!    Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
480," Find all of our Club W wine picks here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     Another great pick from Club W.   Syrah from Potter Valley, Mendocino County, California.  Available for $13 exclusively at Club W. Sample submitted for review.  From Club W: ""Kenny’s organic Syrah is a dead ringer for some of the great Syrahs that come out of Northern France, but his is created in the California backyard of Mendocino. The elements of elevation, rugged terrain, and coastal fog that define the Santa Cruz Mountains helps Kenny create a Syrah that is all about purity and finesse rather than outright power. With bright, pickled berry flavors it’s a fine example of the beautiful subtle nuances that result from the attention to detail and thoughtfulness required for all-natural winemaking.   13.5% Alcohol""Its no secret that were fans of the Club W wine club. The reason for that is quite simple -- they sell very good wine at great prices. Just take a look at a few of our recent finds: The Independent Chenin Blanc 2013 - Clean And Classy. BULK BUY! Porter and Plot Pinot Noir 2012 - Plenty Good Butcherblock Cabernet Sauvignon 2011 - Meat Lovers Meet Your Match La Reina Torrontes 2013 - Summertime Sipping At Its Best. BULK BUY! Today weve got another excellent find, this time from the winemaker behind the Hobo Wine Company. The 2013 Brethren of the Road Syrah begins with a pleasant aroma chock full of red and dark berry fruit. Tasting reveals more of the same fruit, juicy in the mouth, along with some great earthy notes in this smooth and balanced medium-bodied wine. Light spicy streaks lead into the long, dry, almost dusty finish. This is definitely a tasty Syrah for people who like a little earthiness in their wine.   Want to find out more about Club W? Check out the post Club W - Delivering Delight and a Free Bottle of Wine as well as all of our Club W wine picks here.    Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140904"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Brethren of the Road Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/brethren-of-road-syrah.html"" };     This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
481,"   Simply super with spaghetti and meat sauce.   Nero dAvola from Sicily, Italy.  Available for $13 exclusively at Club W. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""In Sicily, a wine-rich land where the locals have as many words for vino as the Eskimos do for snow, Nero dAvola is bestowed as their most important grape. The black-skinned fruit makes a rich, perfumed and peppery red wine thats deliciously easy to drink.  12.7% Alcohol""The 2013 Costa Pietra Nero dAvola begins with an wonderful aroma of spicy red fruit and pepper along with a little tomato plant and some floral notes. The wine tastes really delicious with those distinctive Nero dAvola flavors of juicy, tart red fruit and plums mixed with spicy peppery notes and a little earth. Add in a soft, easy to drink texture and good acidity and weve got a winner. It ends dry and peppery with more lingering tart fruit and earthy notes. Match it with spaghetti and meat sauce and youll be in heaven.  Want to find out more about Club W? Check out the post Club W - Delivering Delight and a Free Bottle of Wine as well as all of our Club W wine picks here.    Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141209"",  ""title"" : ""Costa Pietra Nero dAvola"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/costa-pietra-nero-davola.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
482,"  75% Grenache, 13% Cinsault and 12% Syrah from California.  SRP of $18 and available for $15. Sample received courtesy Bonny Doon Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""For a long time I went to be aïoli, clovèd in nothing but the barest essential oils. The Wine Formerly Known as Clos de Gilroy (TWFKaCdG) pays homage to the quaint, rustic town of Gilroy, the spiritual locus of all matters alliaceous and to the burg that is meridional to the max.  The exceptionally fruity, strawberry-rhubarbarity of 75% Grenache, complemented by the delicate note of kirsch from the 13% Cinsault and 12% Syrahs white pepper, is the perfect foil for anything prepared al fresco, especially when anointed with olive oil.  13.1% Alcohol""Ah, Bonny Doon, how I love thee. And its easy to see why with exceptional wines like the "
483,"   My new favorite way to drink apple cider.   90% Sparkling Cider and 10% Apple Ice Wine from Quebec, Canada.  SRP of $18 and available for for as low as $12, but more typically in the $14-$15 range. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Boisset America.  From the bottle: ""100% McIntosh. Dosed with Neige Premiere Apple Ice Wine. 120g/L of sugar at harvest. 35g/L of residual sugar.  Subtle and elegant. Fresh apple and white flower.   Pure and persistent. Perfect balance between sugar and acidity. Hint of bitterness on the finish.   Aperitif. Desserts. 43F Serve Cold.  7.5% Alcohol""Today we have an interesting twist for fall...apple cider, which of course fits the season perfectly. This isnt just any apple cider however, but sparkling cider fortified with a bit of apple ice wine to give it some extra sweetness and alcohol. (And its all apple -- about 2.5 pounds worth in each bottle!) In addition to being a great pick for the fall season, I would happily drink this year round for brunch. In that way it reminds me a bit of the Innocent Bystander Pink Moscato and not just because they are both sealed with a bottle cap.  The La Face Cachée De La Pomme Neige Bubble Sparkling Apple Wine begins with aromas of...apples! Youll also find some pleasant honeysuckle notes and maybe a hint of bread dough. The whole thing is faintly reminiscent of apple pie. The wine tastes nice and bubbly with semi-sweet apple and honey flavors predominating in the mouth. Its a good thing this wine is only 7.5% alcohol because its really easy to drink. It ends fresh and clean with lingering tart apple notes. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131030"",  ""title"" : ""Neige Bubble Sparkling Apple Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/neige-bubble-sparkling-apple-wine.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
484,"  100% Pinot Noir Rosé sparkling wine from Alsace, France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $14. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Albrecht Cremant is made by the strictest ""methode traditionelle"" and we consider it one of the great specialties of our house. Albrecht Crémant Rosé made from 100% Pinot Noir, has a fresh palate with small red berry flavors. It is delicious on its own.  Maison Lucien Albrecht was founded in 1425 in Alsace and settled in Orschwihr in 1698. Today, our winery remains family-owned and managed. Our estate includes some of the most prestigious Alsace terroirs in the Grand Cru Pfingstberg and several superb monopoles including the famous Clos de Récollets. In our vineyards we emphasize a harmony with nature and, in our cellars minimal intervention in order to produce, in each vintage, hand-crafted wines that represent our terroir and family heritage.  12.0% Alcohol""The Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé begins with aromas of strawberries and cherry. The wine tastes of strawberries and cream with a dash of salt. This wine is fruity but not overly so and is crisp and refreshing. A very drinkable wine with good acidity. On the finish the strawberry and cream flavor continues plus some minerality comes through as well. Delicious!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111122"",  ""title"" : ""Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva  Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
485,"   Tasty too.    51% Pinot Noir, 46% Chardonnay, 2% Pinot Meunier and 1% Pinot Gris from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Brut Prestige is the signature sparkling wine of Mumm Napa. It displays a creamy texture, elegant white blossom aromas and bright citrus and red berry flavors.   Mumm Napa is the quintessential Napa Valley sparkling wine bringing together the finest Napa Valley grapes with the time-honored French winemaking techniques of Champagne.  12.5% Alcohol""The Mumm Napa Brut Prestige begins with aromas of citrus, melon and fresh baked bread along with floral and honeysuckle notes. Tasting reveals quite a complex array of flavors. Theres lots of fresh citrus, pear, melon, a little vanilla, a little strawberry, honey, yeast and chalk. The texture is crisp yet creamy and slightly sweet. The wine has an awful lot of bubbles so while I wouldnt normally recommend swirling a sparkling wine, I would give this one a few good swirls to lighten up the bubbles a bit. It ends with long lasting tart fruit. Classic, classy and tasty.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140123"",  ""title"" : ""Mumm Napa Brut Prestige"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/mumm-napa-brut-prestige.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
486,"   A highly quaffable blend of red AND white varieties.   A non-vintage blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Zinfandel, Cabernet Franc, Sauvignon Blanc, Chardonnay and Petit Verdot from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Tess means harvest. We were inspired to create this wine as sisters while growing up on a vineyard in the Napa Valley. As kids, our parents let us experiment with blending wine at the kitchen table. Now 25 years later were still experimenting with fresh and unexpected blends. Tess is a proprietary red with the sweet bright flavors of strawberry, raspberry and watermelon. Serve chilled.   13.9% Alcohol""The Tess Red And White Blend begins with abundant aromas of sweet berry fruit, predominantly strawberry and watermelon jolly rancher, plus a hint of vanilla. Tasting the wine shows that while its definitely sweet, its not as sweet as the 11.7g/L of residual sugar might suggest thanks in part to a good level of acidity. Berry, citrus and a bit of cranberry are the primary fruit flavors in this quaffer and theres even a little spice too. While it almost feels like you should be drinking it out of a juice box, it is certainly a unique wine that would make a nice introduction to red wines for sweet white wine drinkers. It ends crisp with lingering notes of tart fruit punch. To underline just how refreshing this wine is it even comes in 5 gallon kegs!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141007"",  ""title"" : ""Tess Red And White Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/tess-red-and-white-blend.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
487," Holiday Sparklers 2012    I dare you to just drink one glass!  100% Prosecco from Friuli, Italy.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Inspired by the Latin verb to promise, to vow, Voveti is a unique marriage between the viticulture of northern Italys most acclaimed Prosecco regions - reaching westward to Veneto, and the superb wine-making of eastern Friuli-Venezia (D.O.C.). Here, a gentle-handed art crafts Italys most treasured white wines. With over 100 years of family winemaking expertise, we present the promise of Voveti, an ethereal bond of freshness, elegance and delectable depth.  Aromas: honeysuckle, orange blossom   Flavors: ripe peach, baked apple tart   Foods: spring salad, seared scallops, prosciutto with melon  11.0% Alcohol""As we mentioned in the 90 Plus Cellars Sparkling Rosé review Prosecco has seen a huge increase in popularity in the U.S. in the last decade. Most of this can be attributed to its low price which has helped to position it as a cheap alternative to Champagne. After all if that cool French sparkling wine is too expensive, a cool Italian sparkling wine will do just as well, and maybe even better! Being rather simple, yet delicious, and a good match for many foods certainly helps too, although thats true for a lot of inexpensive sparkling wine. In any case, today we have a nice Prosecco from Friuli.  The Voveti Prosecco begins with pleasant aromas of honeysuckle, apple and just a bit of fresh baked bread. This nicely balanced wine tastes light and crisp and has lots of bubbles. The primary flavors are apple, pear, a little melon and peach. It ends with a nice, refreshing finish. This is one easy to drink sparkler and at only 11% alcohol itll be OK if you just cant resist having one more glass.   Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut - Holiday Sparklers 2012 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava  Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler  Also check out the 12 recommended sparkling wines from last years series!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121206"",  ""title"" : ""Vovetti Prosecco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/vovetti-prosecco-popular-italian-sparkler.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
488,"  45% Cabernet Sauvignon, 35% Merlot, 20% Tempranillo from Spain. SRP of $8 and available at that price, but may be hard to find.   Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Vineyard: Tempranillo from Finca Carrascal of Caparosso, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon from Albret of Cadreita Varietals: Tempranillo, Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon Barrels: Ageing in French oak barrels for 9 months Bottle Ageing: 9 months Recommend serving temperature 16-18°C. 13.5% Alcohol""Another wine from the Kingdom of Navarra in Spain that does not disappoint. The 2007 Albret French Oak exhibits a whole bunch of aromas: ripe fruit, blackberry, plum, vanilla, spice, and even some floral notes. It tastes of dark fruit, with some pepper and vanilla. The finish is dry, with nice tannins, and of medium length. This is a smooth, drinkable wine with good balance and is quite nice at only $8.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110722"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Albret French Oak"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
489,"  60% Syrah and 40% Nero dAvola from Sicily, Italy.  SRP of around $12 and available for as low as $8.   From the bottle: ""This charming blend hails from the clayey and volcanic terrain in southwestern Sicily, 660-1,315 feet above sea level. 30% of the wine has sojourned in French barriques for 4 months. Intense ruby in color, it shows a fruit-driven, delicately spicy bouquet of plums, cherries and blackberries. On the palate this lush fruit and forward charm go with just about any food, from flavorful first courses, pastas and risotta, to meat and cheese.  14.0% Alcohol""Typically when I drink the wines I review I will write down a few other things to write about besides the actual tasting note. For todays wine I simply penned, ""Wax poetic about pizza and wine."" So I ask, is there a better combination for The Reverse Wine Snob then a delicious pizza combined with a great (and cheap) pizza wine?   For my money Im not sure there is. As much as winemakers think we should pair their wines with grilled peaches and exotic things wrapped in prosciutto and covered in goat cheese, most of us just want a wine that will pair well with everyday fare. And what could be more everyday than pizza? And so today I give you a great pizza wine!  The 2007 Lagaria Syrah-Nero dAvola Sicilia IGT begins with a very fruity and delicious aroma of ripe dark fruit (plum and blackberry) plus a little bit of a very nice herbal component. Tasting the wine reveals it to be fairly fruit forward and jammy with blackberry, nice spice and licorice followed by lots of soft but grippy tannins. Really quite nice. It turns a little tart on the dry finish. The best part is that at only $8 you can grab a couple friends and a large pizza and have a great combo for under $25!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120828"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Lagaria Syrah-Nero dAvola Sicilia IGT"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/lagaria-syrah-nero-davola-sicilia-igt.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
490,"  Cabernet Sauvignon from Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $13 for a 1 Liter Tetra Pak and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy Formula PR for review purposes. Also available in a 500 ml package with an SRP of $7 and available for as low as $5.  From the bottle: ""This classic Cabernet Sauvignon shows a hint of French oak, is full-bodied and very approachable. Each lot was slowly fermented, patiently aged, then released at its prime - ready to be enjoyed at your next picnic, by the fireplace or with your favorite dish.  Convenience is key in todays hectic world -- no awkward tools are required to open our package. Simply unscrew the cap, pour a glass and enjoy!  13.8% Alcohol""Todays wine comes in a tetra pak, which is primarily made from paper. These cartons require half the energy consumed in producing traditional glass bottles. The wine inside comes from organically grown grapes. To be sure, CalNaturales commitment to the environment is quite strong, but can the wine itself meet these same high standards? Lets find out...  The 2008 CalNaturale French Camp Vineyard Paso Robles Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very nice aromatic bouquet of mixed berries, vanilla and a little green olive. Tasting the dry, medium-bodied wine shows some dull jammy fruit, a good amount of oak and soft tannins. This is definitely an easy to drink wine. The dry and dusty finish is quite long and features a little burst of spice at the very end after the memory of most wines is gone. This wine would be a really good match for a BBQ, especially when you add in the convenient package, the slightly larger size and the fabulous price!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120420"",  ""title"" : ""2008 CalNaturale French Camp Vineyard Organic Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
491,"   Six tasty Bordeaux wines for around $10 or less. (Not a typo.)  Ahh, Bordeaux. A region that conjures up images of expensive French Chateaus and even more expensive wine. What you may not know is that of the over 10,000 Bordeaux labels produced each year, around 80% of them are under $25. Its actually a great place for reverse wine snobs to find good inexpensive wine and thats just what we bring you today.   The six varietals allowed in Bordeaux red blends are Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Carmenere, Petit Verdot and Malbec with the first three being the most popular by a good bit. The Bordeaux area is made up of about 50 different regions and each has their own laws which govern grape varieties, alcohol levels, even the methods of pruning and harvesting and the winemaking itself. (France takes their wine seriously.) With that bit of background, lets check out todays wines, all for around $10 or less.  First up is the 2009 Vinum Natura de Chateau Vallon des Brumes Bordeaux Rouge. This blend of 80% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. This wine features organically grown grapes and begins with aromas of raspberry, black cherry, cola, spice and black pepper, plus tea and tobacco. Those tea flavors are quite strong when tasting the wine as well as some dark fruit and licorice and dusty tannins. The finish is dry and of medium length with lingering tobacco notes.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 80k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next is the 2010 Chateau Lamothe Vincent Bordeaux Rouge 2010. This 80% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon blend has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. It opens with soft plum aromas and a hint of tobacco. The wine tastes fruit forward with black cherry, plum and a nice spice component. It also features some good soft and slightly dusty tannins. The finish is dry and medium-long with a hint of tobacco.  Other details: 14.5% Alcohol. 250k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Chateau Buisson Redon Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of only $8 and is available at that price. The wine smells of strawberry, plum, spice and a little leather. Tasting the wine shows prominent but not harsh tannins. This one is pretty upfront with lots of flavor and features a good body. A really good all around wine that is easy to drink, especially at this price. The nice finish is dry and shows a little bit of heat. One of my favorites of the bunch and also the cheapest.  Other details: 14.0% Alcohol. 60k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The 2009 Chateau Marjoureau Bordeaux Superieur Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It begins with aromas of black cherry, cola and cinnamon spice. The wine tastes substantial with rich tannins. It features similar flavors to bouquet plus a good bit of smoky oak. This is not a fruit forward wine. The finish is medium-short and dry.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 20k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Mission Saint Vincent Reserve Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. The wine opens with pleasant aromas of blueberry and spice. This is more of a laid back wine that still hits all the right notes. Another wine that is really easy to drink and a great all around wine to keep in your rotation. The dry finish has really good length and a good bit of spice. My favorite of the group.  Other details: 12.5% Alcohol. 300k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy Last, is the 2008 Chateau Vergnes-Beaulieu Bordeaux Rouge. This 100% Merlot has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It opens with aromas of smoky plum, a little cranberry and some earthy herbal notes. The wine tastes dense and meaty with strong tannins. This is not a fruit forward wine but is quite nice to drink. The finish is dry with a little spice and medium-short in length.  Other details: 13.0% Alcohol. 30k bottles See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy All wines received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
492,"  100% Shiraz from South Eastern Australia.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Pernod Ricard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""George Wyndham became the father of Australian Shiraz after planting Australias first commercial Shiraz vineyard. His single-minded dedication to handcrafting intensely flavored wines is a proud legacy that endures at Wyndham Estate.   BIN 555 is a distinctive, full-bodied Shiraz packed with rich plum and ripe berry fruit flavors along with a hint of spice. The fruit was sourced from amongst Australias premium viticultural regions where grapes were picked at their peak ripeness for maximum flavor. BIN 555 is the perfect complement to steak and is also well suited to other red meats, pizza, tomato based pasta dishes and hearty casseroles. Enjoy a glass and let our experience with Shiraz add to yours!  13.5% Alcohol""One of the reasons that the Syrah grape is one of my absolute favorites is simply that there are so many different expressions of it. Whether youre talking about a single varietal wine from France or California, a Rhone style blend featuring Syrah, or an Australian Shiraz the powerful flavors and sometimes spicy pepper notes give me much drinking pleasure. And with so many different places producing this under appreciated grape you can often find very good deals, like todays wine at around $8.  The 2008 Wyndham Estate Bin 555 Shiraz begins with nice aromas of plum, blackberry and deeply integrated spice. Tasting the wine shows loads of rich and delicious fruit. This medium to full-bodied wine features really succulent flavors of mixed berry jam with just a little bit of spice and pepper. It ends with more really good fruit flavors that linger nicely. This wine is really pretty simple -- its all about the fruit, but it does this straightforward task so well you really cant help but enjoy it immensely.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120626"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Wyndham Estate Bin 555 Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
493,"  Blend of Zinfandel, Syrah, and Merlot from California. SRP of $14 but available for $7.99 at Costco.  Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Inspired by the Apotheca a mysterious place where wine was blended and stored in 13th century Europe, Apothic Red offers a truly unique wine experience.  A masterful blend of rich Zinfandel, flavorful Syrah and smooth Merlot, creating layers of dark red fruit complemented by hints of vanilla and mocha.  13.1 Alcohol""This is the second of our reader requested reviews this week after having reviewed the FlipFlop Moscato yesterday. Once again, I had a little trepidation going into this review knowing the popularity of this wine and that it tends to be quite sweet for a red wine, which is not my favorite style. And once again, I had little reason to worry.  The 2009 Apothic Red Winemakers Blend begins with aromas of plum and blackberry. Actually not just blackberry but really just a whole lot of berry flavor. What we have here is a certified ""fruit bomb"" and normally in this situation the fruit just overwhelms everything else, for better or for worse. That is decidedly not the case here; however, as this wine also exhibits many other interesting flavors. There are aromas of vanilla, spice, and maple. The wine tastes of juicy mixed berries for sure, but also cherry cola, brown sugar and then a little spice that gives way to a finish of lingering chocolate and maple syrup. A very intriguing wine that will take you through quite a trip of flavors. I also couldnt help thinking this could pair really nicely with a bbq pizza. Cheers!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110930"",  ""title"" : ""Apothic Red Winemakers Blend 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
494,"  Shiraz from Cape of Good Hope, South Africa.  Available for as low as $7.99. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle:""This elegant, complex and alluring wine was made from outstanding quality grapes, vinified and nurtured with infinite care. Matured in a combination of French and American oak barrels for 12 months, this full-bodied wine displays typical Shiraz characteristics of dark berry fruit, clove and cinnamon spice.  14.0% Alcohol""This is the third Douglas Green wine that Ive reviewed, but the first red. Douglas Green also produces the excellent Beach House white blend that we enjoyed quite a bit this summer as well as a Steen (Chenin Blanc) that has been a very popular wine here on the blog. Lets see if the Shiraz can keep the winning streak going!  The 2009 Douglas Green Vineyard Creations Shiraz begins with loads of blackberry aromas plus some clove, plum and spice. The blackberry continues when tasting as we find lots of sweet and juicy berry flavor in this smooth and medium-bodied wine. There is just a little bit of spice. The medium-short finish lacks much of the signature Shiraz spice but is still good. Just like the other Douglas Green wines weve tried this is just a nice, mellow and easy to drink wine -- and theres absolutely nothing wrong with that!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111104"",  ""title"" : ""Douglas Green Vineyard Creations Shiraz 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
495,"  100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Famiglia Meschini Premium Line is the accomplishment of our dream to bring the true characteristics if each varietal to your glass. From the vineyard to the bottle we limit our intervention so that the aromas and senses come to life as you unleash these young and lively wines.  Our 2009 Premium Malbec is rich in color with shades of garnet. The nose is abundant in red and black fruits. Round and silky, it delivers all the qualities that make Malbec one of the most popular wines.  14.0% Alcohol""This is the second wine in our Malbec Mania series searching for the best Malbecs under $20. Weve reviewed a few other wines from Famiglia Meschini in the past like the Chardonnay and the Sparkling Torrontés, and liked all of them, but our favorite so far has been the Malbec Syrah blend, which found a spot on our Holiday Top 10 list. Lets see how the 100% Malbec measures up.  The 2009 Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec begins with aromas of plum, pepper and a little baking spice and cinnamon. The wine tastes of black cherry and blackberry followed by some woodsy notes. The dry finish features lots of spice, some licorice, and lingering blackberry notes. This one seems a bit out of balance, but still a pretty good wine at a really nice price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111118"",  ""title"" : ""Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    ""Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec under $20"" Wines Reviewed To Date 2010 Santa Julia [+] Malbec 2009 Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec 2010 Alamos Malbec 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2009 Terrazas De Los Andes Malbec Reserva  2010 Recuerdo Malbec 2009 Familia Grittini Areo Malbec 2009 Santa Julia Reserva Malbec "
496," The Reverse Wine Snob sets out to discover if whats INSIDE the bottle is any better than the silly clichéd name on the OUTSIDE of the bottle...   $7.49 at Costco.  From the bottle: Take a walk on the wild side and explore the pleasures of our Ménage à Trois. Surrender to the seduction of dark, rich berry with a hint of pepper, a lush lingering finish leaving you wishing for more...A delightful blend based on three varietals--Zinfandel, Merlot, and Cabernet Sauvignon.   13.5% alcoholThe short answer to the question at the top of this post is YES. The 2009 Folie à Deux Ménage à Trois is a very sweet, albeit somewhat thin, wine. It was a little sweeter than I prefer, but my wife liked it quite a bit. Overall nothing spectacular but this is a solid, easy drinker thats only $7.49. I can see why this wine is quite popular for some. Try pairing with spicy foods to offset the sweetness a bit.    Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110302"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Folie à Deux Ménage à Trois Red"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
497,"  100% Unoaked Chardonnay from California. SRP of $11 and available for $8.  Sample received courtesy Francis Ford Coppola Winery for review purposes.  From the bottle:""My family has always made wine. To hear it from my father Carmine, these were not fancy wines, they were everyday wines, wines that were on the dinner table each night. With the case of a screw cap and a bright, unoaked style, our Chardonnay is a refreshing wine for everyday life.  13.5% Alcohol""Yesterday we reviewed the 2009 Francis Ford Coppola Rosso, one of the other value priced wines in the Rosso and Bianco line. Today we have the Chardonnay, and its quite a nice one.   The 2009 Francis Ford Coppola Chardonnay starts with aromas of pear, apple, and tropical fruit along with some light floral notes. I love wine with a great bouquet and much like the Rosso we reviewed yesterday this one has a great aroma. The wine tastes clean and fresh and is light-bodied. The predominant flavors when tasting are pear, mango, and citrus. This Chardonnay also displays some minerality on the finish but really showcases the fruit quite nicely, with no oak. The wine also has pretty good acidity and would likely be rather flexible with foods.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111005"",  ""title"" : ""Francis Ford Coppola Chardonnay 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
498,"  26% Cabernet Sauvignon, 26% Petite Sirah, 25% Syrah, 23% Zinfandel from California. SRP of $11 but available for $7.99 at Trader Joes.  Sample received courtesy Francis Ford Coppola Winery for review purposes.  From the bottle:""My family has always made wine. To hear it from my father Carmine, these were not fancy wines, they were everyday wines, wines that were on the dinner table each night. Our Rosso is made in the same spirit - wines for everyday life.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Francis Ford Coppola Rosso begins with a great mix of many different aromas. Theres dark fruit, plum, spice, cloves, black cherry, and pomegranate among other things. Very nice. The wine tastes sweet and juicy with plum, dark berry, and cranberry flavors. This is an easy drinking, lighter bodied red wine with good texture. Soft tannins show at the finish and a little chocolate flavor lingers at the very end.   The bottom-line? A food flexible daily drinker that features a nice mix of flavors that go down easy. For $8, this might just be an offer you cant refuse.  Also reviewed: The 2009 Francis Ford Coppola Chardonnay  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111004"",  ""title"" : ""Francis Ford Coppola Rosso 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
499,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Western Cape - Wellington, South Africa.  SRP of $9 and available for as low as $7. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""During our heavy Cape winter rains, the overflowing river often cuts our cellar off from the road. For the winemaker to reach our winery in the mornings, he would have to cross the river by leaping from stone to stone, continuing the legend of the Stonewalker.  A medium bodied wine with flavours of cassis and ripe black berries. Pairs perfectly with hearty red meat.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is part of the new ""Stonewalker"" line from Franschhoek Cellars in South Africa, the producer of the excellent Stone Bridge Pinotage. Well have several more wines coming from both the Stonewalker line and from the main Franschhoek Cellars lines over the new few weeks.   Wine was first grown in the Franschhoek Valley over 300 years ago by a small group of French Huguenots who had fled their own country when Protestantism was outlawed in France. Franschhoek was part of the Dutch colony at that time, which was a Protestant nation, and the Huguenots were granted land here. Fast forward 320 years and the Franschhoek Valley is today known as one of the premiere food and wine regions in South Africa.  The 2009 Franschhoek Cellars The Stonewalker Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a pleasant fruity aroma of blackberry, black cherry, plum and a bit of oaky vanilla. The wine tastes smooth and fruity with sweet and juicy blackberry and raspberry flavors plus a nice bit of spice. It is medium-bodied with good oaky tannins that are not overdone. The finish is dry and medium-long and features sweet fruit that turns into lingering chocolate notes. Really a very nice wine, especially for the price. It didnt hold up very well on day 2 so finish this one off when you first open it, which shouldnt be a problem!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120604"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Franschhoek Cellars The Stonewalker Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
500,"  100% Montepulciano from Abruzzo, Italy.  SRP of $12. Available for as low as $8 and widely for $10. Sample received courtesy Colangelo & Partners PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Tasting notes: Full of cherry and plum fruit. A classic almond character on the nose. Full-bodied, nice texture with very well-integrated tannins and a lovely and elegant finish. It is excellent with red meat.  13.0% Alcohol""Montepulciano is a popular indigenous Italian variety grown throughout central and southern Italy. This is not to be confused with Vino Nobile di Montepulciano - a wine named for the area where it is produced and made mostly from Sangiovese. (Ironically, the vineyards around the town of Montepulciano dont even grow any Montepulciano grape.) The most well-known region for producing Montepulciano is Abruzzo, which is also one of the most mountainous regions in all of Italy. It is also the area where todays wine is made by Fratelli Barba.  The 2009 Fratelli Barba Colle Marino Montepulciano dAbruzzo begins with a very strong aroma of cedar closet along with a little plum. All those cedar notes had me worried that this wine might be all oak but tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals a wonderful soft and smooth character. Theres still a good amount of oak influence, but its far from overwhelming. In fact, this is a really delicious wine with savory and jammy fruit of plum and black cherry along with a little black pepper and vanilla. Overall a very nice, easy-drinking wine that still has a good amount of character.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120904"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Barba Colle Marino Montepulciano dAbruzzo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/barba-colle-marino-montepulciano-dabruzzo.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
501,"   A Steal At Seven Dollars.   Cabernet Sauvignon from Coonawarra, South Australia.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $7. Sample received courtesy Pernod Ricard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""For this wine we reserved selected parcels of grapes grown in the Coonawarra region in South Australia. The Coonawarra is famed for its rich red Terra Rosa soil that gives Cabernet Sauvignon grown in this region much of its unique characteristics.  2009 Jacob Creeks Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon exhibits typical regional characteristics of mint and blackberry aromas with generous ripe cassis flavors and a hint of black olive. The fresh fruit characters are supported by subtle integration of oak, leading to a rich, smooth finish.  Excellent drinking now and will continue to improve over the next ten years.  13.9% Alcohol""Weve reviewed several other Jacobs Creek wines here at The Reverse Wine Snob and have always been impressed with the quality for the low price. These have included the 2008 Jacobs Creek Reserve Barossa Shiraz (An Aussie Through and Through) and the 2009 Jacobs Creek Reserve Pinot Noir (Bona Fide). And we have even more reviews of Jacobs Creek wines on the way including today when we turn to everybodys favorite grape, Cabernet Sauvignon. So just what does $7 get you?  The 2009 Jacobs Creek Reserve Coonawarra Cabernet Sauvignon begins with aromas of red and black berries, vanilla, a good does of mint, and a little bit of oak. Quite nice. Tasting the wine initially reveals lots of tart berry, but that subsides as it gets some air. This is a medium-bodied, fruit forward wine that is very smooth. The primary flavors are sweet and slightly tart blackberry plus a little licorice. It ends with a very nice medium-long finish with more sweet blackberry. It may not blow your socks off but this is a very solid wine at a great price!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121023"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Jacobs Creek Reserve Coonawarra Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/jacobs-creek-reserve-coonawarra-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
502,"  Pinot Noir from Adelaide Hills, Australia.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Pernod Ricard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""For this wine we reserve selected parcels of grapes grown in the Adelaide Hills region in South Australia. The cool climate of the Adelaide Hills is ideal for developing delicate, complex flavors, color and natural acidity.  2009 Jacobs Creek Reserve Pinot Noir exhibits elegant regional characteristics of black cherry and strawberry fruit flavors with savory spice and complex herbal background notes. The fruit is balanced with subtle oak and fine tannins leading to a refined, lingering finish.  13.5% Alcohol""When I think of Pinot Noir, Australia is pretty far down the list, but these days this variety is being grown in more and more places, and surprisingly well in some of them. While Shiraz and Cabernet Sauvignon dominate Australias red wine production this is a vast continent with lots of different terrains, which means there is lots of opportunity to grow all kinds of different grapes. Add to that the fact that I loved the last Jacobs Creek Reserve wine I reviewed and I knew I had to give todays wine a try.  The 2009 Jacobs Creek Reserve Pinot Noir begins with aromas of black cherry, spice and a hint of Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal. The wine tastes of black cherry and strawberry, and is a bit jammy but that is countered by good spice. That spice continues on the long, slightly toasty finish and has lingering cinnamon and vanilla notes. Just a really solid, easy to drink wine. Australia may not be your go-to spot for this variety but this is a bona fide Pinot Noir and it costs less than $10!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120430"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Jacobs Creek Reserve Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
503,"  Shiraz from South Eastern Australia.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The McWilliam family has been at the forefront of Australian winemaking since 1877. Drawing on six generations of winemaking experience, McWilliams has created this complex Shiraz using premium grapes from some of South Eastern Australias most renowned wine regions. This wine is vibrant crimson in color, with layers of plum and raspberry fruit flavors. The use of American and French oak deliver subtle vanilla overtones with a hint of spice on the finish. The perfect accompaniment to roasted lamb, grilled steaks or barbecued ribs.  13.5% Alcohol""Syrah, or Shiraz as it is known in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, is one of my favorite grapes. Probably most famous in the Rhone region of France, this grape is grown all over the world and weve sampled delicious Syrah based wines from places such as California, Oregon, Argentina, France, Australia, and South Africa. Today we go back to Australia to taste another good one.  The 2009 McWilliams Hanwood Estate Shiraz begins with strong aromas of raspberry, blackberry, plum and a little spice and vanilla. The wine tastes pretty much the exact same as the bouquet with the addition of a little sour cherry. The finish features a little spice, lingering fruit, and a few mocha notes. While good on day 1, the wine was much better on day 2 after it had plenty of time to breathe. You might want to run it through a Vinturi if you plan to pop and pour. Overall a very nice and tasty wine for under 10 bucks!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120412"",  ""title"" : ""2009 McWilliams Hanwood Estate Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
504,"   Fresh From The Garden!   100% Zweigelt from Niederosterreich, Austria.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""If you like Pinot Noir, youll love Zvy-Gelt. A brand new wine made from Zweigelt, the #1 red wine grape of Austria. Velvety and full of concentrated fruit. Spicy, with ripe cherries. Easy drinking. Perfect for every occasion and great with food - meat, poultry, cheese, even seafood and veggies - you name it, its great with Zvy-Gelt.  13.0% Alcohol""Its been a couple weeks since weve covered a wine in our Awesome Austrians series, but were back today with another delicious one, and weve got several more to come! First, a quick recap where weve been...  Wine in the Awesome Austrians series: 2010 Zantho Zweigelt - A perfect wine for Thanksgiving dinner. 2011 Laurenz V. Singing Gruner Veltliner - At this price it just might make you sing! 2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic - A Beauty From Burgenland. 2010 Laurenz V. Charming Gruner Veltliner - Smooth and Steely. 2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt - Fresh From The Garden! 2010 Juris St Laurent Selection - Pinot Noirs deep, dark and savory love child finds a home in Austria.  2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection - Think you know Pinot? Then you need to get to know Austria. Theres good reason Zweigelt is the Number 1 red wine in Austria. And if you remember our first review of a Zweigelt in this series you know that this variety is a great match for the current winter season. In other words, if you havent yet tried this grape, nows the time.  The 2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt begins with aromas of spicy cranberry, vanilla and a really nice earthy quality. Tasting the wine reveals this same earthy character along with sweet red cherry, spice and a little berry. This light-to-medium-bodied wine has a soft texture, good acidity and a strong vegetal quality to it. Definitely different than what youre used to and very tasty. On the long finish the juicy fruit turns a bit sour. Reminds me of working in the garden thanks to the earthy aromas and vegetal qualities.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121203"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/meinhard-forstreiter-zvy-gelt-zweigelt.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
505,"  A blend of primarily Cabernet Sauvignon along with a little bit of Merlot from California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $7. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Offering intense flavors of black cherry and dark chocolate with elegant licorice aromas, Mirassou Cabernet Sauvignon is a unique expression of Californias most celebrated growing regions.  This wine pairs beautifully with filet mignon, lamb, or hearty pastas and embodies the optimistic spirit passed down through six generations of Americas oldest winemaking family. Enjoy!  13.5% Alcohol""Cabernet Sauvignon -- The King. One of the most popular varieties in the world and a grape that is grown in just about every wine producing region. This hardy, relatively easy to grow grape is a child of Cabernet Franc and Sauvignon Blanc. It is known for its thick skin which not only helps to protect it but also contributes to higher levels of tannins in the resulting wine (and perhaps higher levels of reservatrol as well). Its these tannins which help to give Cabernet Sauvignon its unique flavor along with its extraordinary ability to age.   Its easy to see why Cabernet has become so popular. But popularity does not equal quality and there is a large amount of awful Cabernet out there, especially on the low end of the price range. No worries about that with todays wine. Like the Mirassou Merlot we reviewed previously todays Cabernet from Mirassou is also very nice for the price.    The 2009 Mirassou Cabernet Sauvignon begins with aromas of ripe plum, black pepper, vanilla and loads of licorice. The wine tastes pretty good with flavors of mixed berries and dried herbs. There is a fair amount of oak coming through as well as soft tannins and a bit of spice. The finish is on the sweet side and lasts for quite awhile.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120309"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Mirassou Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
506," [Check out the review of the 2010 vintage, which we liked even better!]   41% Merlot, 35% Cabernet Sauvignon, 11% Petit Verdot, 10% Malbec, 3% Cabernet Franc from California. SRP of $11 and widely available for as low as $8.   Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""In 1962 Robert Mondavi made his first trip to Europe, touring some of the great wine-producing regions in France. It was this trip that compelled him to produce California wines that rival the worlds best. In honor of his enduring passion for excellence and innovation, we offer Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage, a stylish Bordeaux-inspired blend. 13.5% Alcohol""After tasting the Robert Mondavi Private Selection Chardonnay as part of the Chardonnay Showdown and enjoying it, and being a big fan of a good Meritage, I was really looking forward to trying this wine. Luckily it did not disappoint.  The 2009 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage starts with aromas of blackberry, black cherry, plum, a little vanilla, and some floral notes. It tastes a bit on the jammy side, but very good. The wine has a nice, smooth mouthfeel with black cherry and blackberry flavors. The medium-short finish shows some very soft tannins that are maybe a tad too soft. This wine might be even better on day 2 so give it some air. Very nice.  Other Robert Mondavi Private Selection wine reviewed: 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Chardonnay 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Grigio  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110721"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
507,"  100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy Gregory White PR for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Terrazas de los Andes grows its grapes at the ideal altitude for each variety, allowing them to develop the maximum expression of aromas and flavours.  The grapes of Terrazas Reserva Malbec are sourced from specially selected terraces in the top quality districts of Mendoza at 1,067 metres above sea level.  Vineyard: Shallow, sand-free, permeable soils. Significant fluctuation between day and night temperature (15°C). Vines irrigated by traditional system with the Andes Mountains snowmelt.  Aging: 12 months in oak 80% French and 20% American, 30% new oak.  Colour: Deep, dark purple red.  Aroma: Extremely fruity. Black cherries, prunes and raisins are combined with vanilla, caramel and toasted notes to define a very complex nose. Hints of violets stand out, typical of Malbec.  Palate: Great body, structure and volume. Despite its concentration, its round and ripe tannins provide a soft and young character, that anticipate great ageing potential.  14.5% Alcohol""For todays wine we travel back to Argentina, but not just anywhere in Argentina. Terrazas de Los Andes is a specialty producer using vineyards grown at high altitudes -- the side of the Andes Mountains. So just how do these high altitude grapes taste? Lets find out.   The 2009 Terrazas de Los Andes Malbec Reserva begins with aromas of plum, black currant, violet, and a little vanilla. The wine tastes of lots of dark ripe fruit and lots of oak. This one needs time to open and for all the oak to soften but when it does it is pretty good. Some mild tannins come into play on the fruity finish and it resolves into lingering caramel notes. Nice.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111129"",  ""title"" : ""Terrazas de Los Andes Malbec Reserva 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    ""Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec under $20"" Wines Reviewed To Date 2010 Santa Julia [+] Malbec 2009 Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec 2010 Alamos Malbec 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2009 Terrazas de Los Andes Malbec Reserva 2010 Recuerdo Malbec 2009 Familia Grittini Areo Malbec 2009 Santa Julia Reserva Malbec "
508,"   Six revealing wines show Bulgaria has a lot of value to offer.   The Vini ""Veni, Vidi, Vici"" Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Rosé, Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc from the Thracian Valley, Bulgaria.  Today we have six wines imported by Bulgarian Master Vintners, and while Bulgaria may not be the first country to come to mind when you think of wine, there are a lot of surprisingly good things happening these days in the old Eastern Bloc countries. (In fact well be checking out some of these things first hand in Slovenia in a few weeks.) Lets take a look at these six, which all sell for well under $10.   From the bottles: ""Since we havent seen you in Bulgaria lately, weve brought you some of the finest local flavors. Indulge in this ancient grape growing region. Historically a purveyor to Rome, its a focal point of todays pioneering winemakers.  All wines are 12.5% - 13.0% alcohol."" First up is the 2011 VINI Pinot Noir, which has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Pinot Noir begins with aromas of red cherry, a bit of a green component and a hint of chocolate. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals bright fruit (mostly red and black cherry) along with a bit of black tea that flows into the medium long finish which also features some smoky tobacco notes at the very end. Tasty and easy to drink.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Up next is the 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon which has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of red berry and red cherry. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth drinker featuring sweet fruit and soft tannins. Youll also find a little black pepper and black tea. It ends with sour fruit on the medium length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2009 VINI Merlot. It has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Merlot begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry and a little bit of smoky spice. This medium to full-bodied wine is quite easy to drink and features dark fruit with a bit of sweet tart candy. It also has soft, and even a bit dusty, tannins. The fruit turns rather sour on the medium length, dry finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fourth is the 2011 VINI Rosé, a blend of 60% Pinot Noir and 40% Syrah. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.   The 2011 VINI Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry and tomato. The wine tastes zesty and fresh with very nice minerality. Its not sweet, but has plenty of good fruit and good length on the finish. A nice dry rosé at a fabulous price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2011 VINI Chardonnay. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of lemon zest, apple and pear. The wine tastes nice and crisp -- theres no overbearing oak or butter in this light, refreshing wine. Flavors of pineapple, a little zesty lemon and apple with some underlying minerality help make this wine a good match for seafood. It ends crisp and dry.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $7. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of apple, lime and maybe a touch of cinnamon and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals really light flavors, good acidity and no grassiness or herbaceousness. This is a quaffer for a hot day and should appeal to mass market Pinot Grigio lovers. It ends crisp and clean with surprising length.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
509,"   Six revealing wines show Bulgaria has a lot of value to offer.   The Vini ""Veni, Vidi, Vici"" Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Rosé, Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc from the Thracian Valley, Bulgaria.  Today we have six wines imported by Bulgarian Master Vintners, and while Bulgaria may not be the first country to come to mind when you think of wine, there are a lot of surprisingly good things happening these days in the old Eastern Bloc countries. (In fact well be checking out some of these things first hand in Slovenia in a few weeks.) Lets take a look at these six, which all sell for well under $10.   From the bottles: ""Since we havent seen you in Bulgaria lately, weve brought you some of the finest local flavors. Indulge in this ancient grape growing region. Historically a purveyor to Rome, its a focal point of todays pioneering winemakers.  All wines are 12.5% - 13.0% alcohol."" First up is the 2011 VINI Pinot Noir, which has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Pinot Noir begins with aromas of red cherry, a bit of a green component and a hint of chocolate. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals bright fruit (mostly red and black cherry) along with a bit of black tea that flows into the medium long finish which also features some smoky tobacco notes at the very end. Tasty and easy to drink.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Up next is the 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon which has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of red berry and red cherry. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth drinker featuring sweet fruit and soft tannins. Youll also find a little black pepper and black tea. It ends with sour fruit on the medium length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2009 VINI Merlot. It has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Merlot begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry and a little bit of smoky spice. This medium to full-bodied wine is quite easy to drink and features dark fruit with a bit of sweet tart candy. It also has soft, and even a bit dusty, tannins. The fruit turns rather sour on the medium length, dry finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fourth is the 2011 VINI Rosé, a blend of 60% Pinot Noir and 40% Syrah. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.   The 2011 VINI Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry and tomato. The wine tastes zesty and fresh with very nice minerality. Its not sweet, but has plenty of good fruit and good length on the finish. A nice dry rosé at a fabulous price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2011 VINI Chardonnay. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of lemon zest, apple and pear. The wine tastes nice and crisp -- theres no overbearing oak or butter in this light, refreshing wine. Flavors of pineapple, a little zesty lemon and apple with some underlying minerality help make this wine a good match for seafood. It ends crisp and dry.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $7. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of apple, lime and maybe a touch of cinnamon and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals really light flavors, good acidity and no grassiness or herbaceousness. This is a quaffer for a hot day and should appeal to mass market Pinot Grigio lovers. It ends crisp and clean with surprising length.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
510,"  60% Cabernet Sauvignon, 40% Merlot from California. SRP of $7.99 and available everywhere for $6.99.  Sample received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our Cabernet-Merlot strikes a delicious balance between elegant fruitiness and rich complexity. Its fruit-focused personality complements a variety of cuisines, from spicy pastas to grilled meats and vegetables. Believing that wine should be an integral part of life, Robert Mondavi founded Woodbridge Winery in 1979 to make fine wines for every occasion. He returned to his childhood roots in historic Lodi, California to craft wines using his signature techniques that combine rich tradition with state-of-the-art innovation.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Cabernet/Merlot starts with a great fruity aroma of plum and blackberry counterbalanced with a bit of vanilla, spice and cedar. This is a fruit forward tasting wine that is a bit jammy with notes of black cherry and blackberry. The finish adds some vanilla, spice, and toasted oak notes. Somehow the wine tastes a tad bit watered down despite the abundance of fruit and is a bit lighter bodied than I was expecting, but overall this one is very easy to drink and could probably pair up with a lot of different foods. A great value.  Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi wine reviewed to date: 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Moscato - An Easy Choice 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Zinfandel - A Fine Wine For $5.99 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Pinot Grigio - A Simple and Refreshing Party Wine Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine - Holiday Sparklers Wine #1 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut - Holiday Sparklers Wine #5  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110923"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Cabernet Merlot"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
511,"  100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $13 and available for $7.49 at Costco. Sample received courtesy EJ Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Alamos Malbec is sourced from grapes grown on the lower Eastern slopes of the Andes Mountains in Mendoza. The Catena family has been making wine in the region for more than 100 years. Today, Catena is acknowledged around the world as being a pioneer for quality Argentinean wines.   All vineyards are hand-harvested. At the winery, the grapes are hand sorted before being assembled into each Alamos wine. This balanced and full-flavored wine is excellent with chicken, lamb, grilled vegetables and pasta dishes.  13.8% Alcohol""We previously reviewed the 2009 and didnt care for it much, so we were interested to try another vintage and see how it compared. Fortunately, we liked it a lot better this year.  The 2010 Alamos Malbec begins with a ton of different aromas: dark ripe fruit, vanilla, licorice, cedar, pepper, even a little caramel. This one reminds me a bit of the Apothic red in that regard. Tasting the wine doesnt show a ton of depth but all the interesting flavors from the nose carryover. The finish shows a nice bit of spice on the dry finish with fruit flavors that linger for a bit. Definitely better than the 2009 and a nice wine for the price!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111122b"",  ""title"" : ""Alamos Malbec 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    ""Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec under $20"" Wines Reviewed To Date 2010 Santa Julia [+] Malbec 2009 Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec 2010 Alamos Malbec 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2009 Terrazas De Los Andes Malbec Reserva  2010 Recuerdo Malbec 2009 Familia Grittini Areo Malbec 2009 Santa Julia Reserva Malbec "
512,"   A Superior Chianti Superiore  75% Sangiovese and 25% Cabernet Sauvignon from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $11 and available for as little as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""A pleasingly smooth and satisfying Chianti with flavors of violets, red berries, cherry and plum. Enjoy with your favorite grilled meat, poultry or pasta. Salute!  13.3% Alcohol""While were big fans of Italian wine here at The Reverse Wine Snob, one region weve been lacking is Chianti. Chianti is a large wine area covering most of Tuscany. To carry the Chianti label a wine must meet several requirements including having at least 75% Sangiovese with the remainder made up of one or more of several other approved varieties. There are also a number of different sub-zones, including Superiore, like todays wine. In order to be labeled as Chianti Superiore a wine must meet more stringent requirements than the normal Chianti designation.   The 2010 Banfi Chianti Superiore begins with a very nice aroma of black cherry, plum, a little baking spice, a little earth and some nice floral notes. Looking good so far! Tasting the wine reveals plum + oak + licorice + a bit of spice + a nice dense and velvety texture + dusty tannins = One Terrific Tuscan! Add in good acidity and balance on this medium-bodied wine and you quickly realize this wine is delivering great value for its price. The finish is very nice with good length and features some excellent slightly sour black cherry notes. Pair this wine with a pasta with red sauce and enjoy!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121121"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Banfi Chianti Superiore"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/banfi-chianti-superiore-2010-one-terrific-tuscan.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
513,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Chile. SRP of $14 but can be found as low as $8.   Sample received courtesy of Pasternak Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Los Vascos, one of Chiles oldest wine estates, is managed by Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite), who began a comprehensive modernization and investment program in 1988. The 560 - hectare vineyard is located in the Cañeten valley of the Colchagua province which offers a healthy microclimate for its ungrafted pre-phylioxera Bordeaux rootstock. Under the direct technical supervision of Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite), Los Vascos is committed to producing the finest consistent and balanced wines whose elegance and harmony are to be shared with connaisseurs around the world.  13.0% Alcohol""2010 Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) Los Vascos Sauvignon Blanc Casablanca Valley. Thats quite a mouthful! With that many words in a name it better be good right?  And it is.   The 2010 Los Vascos Sauvignon Blanc starts with aromas of tropical fruit, peach, and a little goosberry. The wine tastes of tropical fruit, peach, orange zest, and  pineapple, with a small amount of vegetal notes as well. This wine has good minerality. The finish is a little on the tangy side and the flavors linger nicely. A nice, easy to drink wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110816"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Barons de Rothschild Lafite Los Vascos Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
514,"  50% Tempranillo, 50% Garnacha rosé wine from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $10 and available widely for around $8. Sample received courtesy Rioja Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our Rioja Rosé blends Grenache and Tempranillo grapes harvested in the higher altitude vineyards of the Alavesa District. Brief contact with the skins imparts a delicate cherry tint, while carefully controlled fermentation captures the flowery aromas of red fruits in this clean, dry rosé.  13.0% Alcohol""Rioja, or DOCa Rioja as the winemaking region is known, is about the size of Delaware and consists of three sub-regions; Rioja Alta, Rioja Alavesa and Rioja Baja, each with distinct traits that combine to offer a little bit of everything. DOCa Rioja also has its own government that requires winemakers to abide by a strict set of guidelines for their wines. In other words, they take wine seriously here. As a result they make some seriously good wine. While most of this wine is red they also make a pretty good rosé, evidenced by todays wine.  The 2010 Bodegas El Coto Rioja Rosado starts with pleasant aromas of watermelon, strawberry, sweet tart candy and floral notes. The wine tastes of melon, strawberry and raspberry and is juicy and smooth with some mineral notes. Those mineral notes become very pronounced on the finish and take on a slate-like character. This overpowers most, but not all, of the juicy fruit and gives this wine an interesting twist.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111110"",  ""title"" : ""Bodegas El Coto Rioja Rosado 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Journey Through Rioja Series  2010 Dinastía Vivanco Rioja White Blend 2009 Palacios Remondo La Vendimia 2007 Viña Real Plata Crianza Rioja Red Wine 2010 Bodegas El Coto Rioja Rosado 2005 Federico Paternina Banda Roja Reserva 2006 Bodegas Beronia Rioja Reserva"
515,"   A pair of versatile wines that pair perfectly with everyday situations.   The 2011 Oakley 82 White and the 2010 and 2011 Oakley 82 Red.   Today we turn to Cline Cellars wallet friendly line of Oakley 82 wines, released to commemorate the beginning of Cline Cellars in 1982 in Oakley, California. (Fold out the back labels on all three wines to see a timeline of the winery.) All three wines have an SRP of $10 and are available for as low as $8. (Samples were submitted for review.) The 2011 vintage of the Red just happened to show up as I was tasting the other two wines, so Ive included it here as there will likely be a mix of the two vintages available in stores the next couple months.  First up is the 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 White, a blend of 43% Sauvignon Blanc, 37% Palomino, 8% Viognier, 6% Malvasia Blanc and 6% Semillon from California.  From the bottle: ""Oakley is home to some of Californias oldest and rarest grapevines known to produce intense, aromatic wine. Oakley Eighty-Two is delicious alone or with chicken, fish or salad. Serve slightly chilled to enhance the wines citrus and peach notes.  14.0% Alcohol"" The 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 White begins with nice and simple aromas of grapefruit, peach and citrus. Tasting the wine reveals an intriguing, tasty and tangy blend of flavors, primarily grapefruit and lots of lime. Its relatively simple, but this would be quite a refreshing wine on a hot day. Sauvignon Blanc is the most recognizable varietal when tasting this five grape blend. It ends with more lingering tangy grapefruit notes on the medium length finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2010 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red, which is the epitome of a kitchen sink blend consisting of 30% Syrah, 27% Merlot, 15% Barbera, 7% Zinfandel, 5% Alicante Bouschet, 4% Cabernet Franc and 12% Mixed Red varieties from California.  From the bottle: ""Oakley is home to some of Californias oldest and rarest grapevines known to produce intense, aromatic wine. Delicious spicy berry flavors are enhanced when served with pork, beef or pizza.   13.5% Alcohol (2010) 14.5% Alcohol (2011)""The 2010 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red begins with aromas of jammy dark berries, red licorice and a little wintergreen mint. The wine tastes of jammy fruit and black pepper along with a nice light spice component and sweet caramel and molasses notes. Add in some soft tannins and youve got a nice wine for fans of the Apothic or Gnarly Head red wine blends.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Last we have the 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red. It consists of 56% Syrah, 15% Petite Sirah, 13% Barbera, 5% Cabernet Franc and 11% Mixed Red varieties from California.   The 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red begins similar to the 2010 with dark berries, although not quite as jammy, and wintergreen mint. Theres not as much red licorice present but the 2011 also adds in a hint of coffee. Tasting the wine reveals similar flavors but I would classify the 2011 as having more of a brambly character. The best food matches are exactly like the fold out label suggests: burgers, pizza or dry rub ribs.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
516,"   ....and the pepper too!   Syrah from Sonoma County, California. (92% from the Sonoma Coast and 8% from Contra Costa County.)  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""A Syrah is a Syrah and also a Shiraz but not a Sirah (Petite type)! Syrah originated in the Rhone Valley in France and is now widely planted in other regions of France, Italy, Australia (known there as Shiraz) and California. Clines Syrah is a wine of surprising complexity. The deep purple color explodes with black cherry fruit spiced with cracked black pepper aromas. Try this ""up-over"" Syrah with all things grilled...salute!  Our land is our greatest asset and we do everything we can to protect it. We farm the Green String way.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Cline Cellars Sonoma County Syrah begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring plum, black cherry, lots of dried herbs and a little mint. The wine tastes rich and savory with tons of jammy fruit, just a touch of greenness and nice pepper notes. This is a very fruit driven wine that doesnt have the big smoked meat notes found in many other Syrah. It actually seems more typical to me of what you often find in Australian Shiraz/Syrah, which is not a bad thing. It ends with nice spice and more black pepper on the long, fruit-filled finish. Quite nice, this wine will have a lot of mass appeal!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131126"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Cline Sonoma County Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/cline-sonoma-county-syrah.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
517,"  85% Sauvignon Blanc, 15% Semillon. Available widely for around $9.   Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""tranquil unwined the beach house cool rippled sand driftwood peaceful relaxed  ebb flow chill 12.5% Alcohol""Im always a little skeptical of the name of wines and they way they are marketed, but in this case the name fits nicely. Although personally I would have chosen something a little less specific than ""beach house"" as this is a great wine whether youre talking about a beach house, a deck, a patio or just some folding chairs in the backyard or even the garage. The 2010 Douglas Green The Beach House exhibits aromas of lemongrass, citrus, and pear on the nose. It tastes light, bright and refreshing with crisp citrus and pear notes. It ends with a nice subtle finish. The Beach House is a relatively simple wine, but is very good and easy to drink. Recommended any time (and all the time) June through August.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110725"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Douglas Green The Beach House"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
518,"  75% Shiraz, 20% Mourvèdre and 5% Viognier from South Africa.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""TASTES LIKE: A holiday in a glass. Lively succulent summer fruit & spice tinged Shiraz tempered by the penetrating ruby depth and laid back tannins from Mourvèdre all finely entwined with the seductive aromatics of Viognier.  GOES WITH: Campfires and barbeques or on its own with snacks at sundown.  14.0% Alcohol""One of my favorite finds during the dog days of summer last year was the excellent Douglas Green The Beach House White. With the recent heat wave weve been having (80 degrees in March? In Minnesota? Crazy!) my thoughts turned back to The Beach House. However, this time I went for the Red version of the wine. Both Beach House wines come from Douglas Green who you may also remember from their excellent Steen (Chenin Blanc) and Shiraz that I previously recommended.  The 2010 Douglas Green The Beach House Red begins with aromas of mulberry, spice and a lot of pepper. This wine has a nice strong bouquet but dont breathe in too deep or you might sneeze thanks to all that pepper! Tasting the wine shows juicy fruit -- black cherry, blackberry and blueberry as well as a little mulberry, but not as much as the bouquet suggests. It also has good tannins and the long juicy finish features some nice spice. This wine holds up just fine on day 2. Another great summer sipper from Douglas Green in The Beach House series!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120322"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Douglas Green The Beach House Red"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
519,"  100% Chenin Blanc from South Africa. SRP of $9 and available for $7.  Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle:  ""Enticing aromas of melon and honey and refreshingly dry on the palate with a lively fruit and acid balance. Enjoy with grilled fresh fish, shellfish platters, spicy chicken wings and sushi.  13.5% Alcohol""Chenin Blanc originated in the Loire Valley in France. It is known as Steen in South Africa and is the most widely planted grape variety in that country accounting for about 20% of all vineyard growth. Douglas Green is also the vineyard behind the excellent Beach House wine that we reviewed a few weeks ago. Well review a couple more of their wines soon as well including a red (Shiraz). But lets get to todays wine, the Chenin Blanc!  The 2010 Douglas Green Vineyard Creations Chenin Blanc begins with aromas of tropical fruit, guava, melon, and mango. The wine tastes fresh and crisp. It is fairly dry with good acidity and nice tropical fruit flavors along with some minerality that really gives it great balance. The finish is dry and very good. Overall, a really solid wine that will work with lots of different food. A great wine to have on hand as it can fit many occasions and is sure to satisfy!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110920"",  ""title"" : ""Douglas Green Vineyard Creations Steen Chenin Blanc 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
520,"  88% Cabernet Sauvignon, 7.5% Merlot and 3.5% Petit Verdot from Robertson, South Africa.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $7 at Costco. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The De Wets of Excelsior have a proud winemaking tradition dating back to 1697. The calcareous soils of the Robertson area were once used to raise champion thoroughbred horses, but now these soils are used to produce fine wines.  Crammed with abundant blackcurrant aromas, this full-bodied wine is a mouthful of plum flavors. Delightfully versatile, it makes a delicious partner to a variety of foods, including red meats and rich pasta dishes.   14.5% Alcohol""South Africa is quickly becoming one of my go-to regions for interesting wines that over-deliver based on their price. The question today is whether they can compete in the competitive under $20 Cabernet Sauvignon market as well.  As mentioned on the bottle, the winemaking tradition at Excelsior Estate goes back many years and many generations. Now this does not always guarantee the wine will be good, but this kind of longevity is usually a good sign. The Excelsior Estate also has a long history of horse breeding, thus the image on the bottle. And as it turns out, in addition to raising fine thoroughbreds they make a thoroughly enjoyable wine as well.  The 2010 Excelsior Cabernet Sauvignon begins with aromas of smoked meat plus smoky plum and other dark fruits along with cedar, baking spice and a little licorice. Tasting the wine shows loads of juicy dark fruit (plum and black cherry primarily) along with licorice and those smoky notes from the bouquet continue. This is a fairly big and bold wine but it is still smooth and easy to drink. On the finish the dark fruit turns tart and resolves into some lingering chocolate notes. A very nice and very flavorful Cab for only $7.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120628"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Excelsior Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
521,"  100% Torrontés from Argentina. SRP of $11, but available for around $8.  Sample received courtesy Famiglia Meschini for review purposes.  The bottle doesnt have any information on the wine so I asked Teresa Meschini to describe it. Heres what she said: ""It tickles your tongue. That’s seriously the best way to describe it. Everyone who tries the Torrontés asks what it is and where they can get it. It’s love at first bubble with enticing aromas of peach, flowers & apricot. Lively bubbles in the front which mellow down in the mid palate. Pairings: You can enjoy Torrontés alone, but also marries well with spicy food such as Thai.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Famiglia Meschini Sparkling Torrontés begins with subdued aromas of tropical fruit. This is a sweet wine that tastes of melon, guava, lemon, and pear but the sparkling nature helps offset some of the sweetness. Fairly simple but very fresh and refreshing with a good crisp finish. This is not a complex wine, but offers a nice change up for summer. This one was not as good on day 2 so grab a couple friends and polish it off on the patio.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110910"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Famiglia Meschini Sparkling Torrontés"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
522,"  100% Torrontés from Mendoza, Argentina. SRP of $10 and available for $9.  Sample received courtesy Winesellers, Ltd. for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Santa Julia range is symbolic of our respect and care for the natural Mendoza environment, their home since the company was created in 1963. Today, this third generation family of winemakers continue their mission through many programs that benefit the land, the community:  100% sustainable farmed grapes. Social welfare programs. Energy conservation. Use of green fertilizers. Wildlife preservation. Vineyard irrigation from pure mountain water and water recycling programs.  Thought to be indigenous to Argentina, the Torrontés grape has produced a dry, floral and aromatic wine, with a spicy and refreshing finish. It is a great accompaniment to Asian food, chicken and salads.  13.0% Alcohol""As you can see from the bottle info, the Santa Julia+ line from Familia Zuccardi is meant to showcase their commitment to the environment and the community. This is very commendable, but at the end of the day a wine has to be good in order to generate sales so we set out to see if Familia Zuccardi has a winner here.  The 2010 Familia Zuccardi Santa Julia+ Torrontés begins with pleasant aromas of light peach, orange peel, and herbs. The wine tastes light and crisp with peach and tropical fruit notes. The finish is a bit on the short side but crisp and a little tangy with a streak of spice. An easy to drink and refreshing wine that held up just fine on day 2. A sustainably farmed wine that is sustainably drinkable!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110921"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Familia Zuccardi Santa Julia Plus Torrontés"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
523,"   Back to the Barossa.   Riesling from Barossa, Australia.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""For this wine we reserved selected parcels of grapes grown in the Barossa region in South Australia. The higher vineyards of the Barossa are characterised by a slightly cooler climate and stony soils allowing for optimal ripening of Riesling grapes.  2010 Jacobs Creek Reserve Riesling exhibits strong regional characteristics with its vibrant lime, delicate white floral aromas and lemon citrus flavors that lead to a crisp dry finish with refreshing zesty acidity.  12.5% Alcohol""Today we go back to the Barossa, this time for a white wine after yesterdays juicy Shiraz: Chateau Tanunda Grand Barossa Shiraz 2010 - Juicy! Weve enjoyed many a red wine from Jacobs Creek in the past but todays is our first white.  The 2010 Jacobs Creek Reserve Barossa Dry Riesling begins with very nice aromas of candied citrus, apple and pear plus a little spice and some floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals a whole lot of lemon and lime wrapped up in a lively texture with good acidity. Theres a little bit of spice and ginger ale as well, but this one is mostly about all that delicious lemon and lime. Those flavors continue on the long finish, turning a bit tart. Delightful!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130129"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Jacobs Creek Reserve Barossa Dry Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/jacobs-creek-reserve-barossa-dry-riesling.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
524,"  50% Rabo de Ovelha and 50% Roupeiro from Alentejo, Portugal.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Pale yellow in color, lime and mineral aromas show through on the nose. The palate demonstrates great acidity with notes of apples and other citrus fruits. A perfect aperitif wine, easily pairing with all dishes, especially antipasti and other lighter fare.   12.5% Alcohol""Last week we reviewed the Loios Vinho Tinto, or red wine, from J Portugal Ramos and today we come to the Loios Vinho Branco (white wine). Much like the red wine, the white also uses grapes indigenous to Portugal. And again, much like the red wine, it is pretty tasty.  The 2010 J. Portugal Ramos Loios Vinho Branco begins with pleasant aromas of pear, melon and a bit of a herbal note. The wine tastes fresh and fruity and is very easy to drink. Its not overly complex, but still has good depth of flavor and nice acidity. Tropical fruit, lime, pear and green apple flavors lead into a nice finish with a touch of minerality. A very fresh and fruity wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120514"",  ""title"" : ""2010 J Portugal Ramos Loios Vinho Branco"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
525,"  35% Aragones, 35% Trinicadeira and 30% Castelao from Alentejo, Portugal.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""Loios is a wine produced in the Alentejo region, located in the south of Portugal. Its name originates from the title given in the 15th century to the members of the ancient Priest Congregation of St. John Evangelist, known simply as Loios. Loios monks have always had a deep connection to the history of Alentejo, especially to its wines. Thus, this wine has been named after them and is made from traditional grape varieties of the region.  This easy drinking red shows an intensely fruity aroma, jammy and meaty all at the same time. Soft and easy going, it is nevertheless able to complement all cuisines. Perfect with barbecue, tomato based pasta dishes, or even a pizza.   13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the first of two that we will be reviewing from the Loios line from J Portugal Ramos. Well start with the red today and get to the white wine next week, but both wines feature several grapes that are new to me. Although perhaps they are not new...Depending on who you ask, Aragones is either Grenache or Tempranillo. Trinicadeira and Castelao, on the other hand, are grapes indigenous to Portugal. I must admit that I always find it refreshing when winemakers focus their efforts on their native grapes rather than just following everyone else and trying to produce the variety of the moment. So how did it work this time?  The 2010 J. Portugal Ramos Loios Vinho Tinto begins with aromas of jammy and ripe dark fruit. This soft and easy to drink wine tastes of lots of juicy fruit plus a little licorice. Not overly complex, but definitely satisfying. This wine should have wide appeal especially since it is fairly food flexible. The finish is good and of medium length with a light vegetal component that becomes a little more pronounced. This wine does not see any oak, so it really lets the fruit shine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120510"",  ""title"" : ""2010 J Portugal Ramos Loios Vinho Tinto"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
526,"   A superstar at $6.99!   70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon from Bordeaux, France.  Available for $6.99 exclusively at Costco.  From the bottle: ""Chateau Le Gardera is a fine producer of Bordeaux Superieur wines and an outstanding source for this 2010 Kirkland Signature wine. Bordeaux Superieur, an appellation that covers the same geographical area as Bordeaux AOC, is known for smaller yields. The property is situated on slopes to the south of St. Emilion, overlooking the Garonne River. A carefully selected blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon was aged twelve months in Allier French oak barrels creating a luscious, well-balanced, and easy-drinking wine that exudes finesse. The high-quality fruit has aromas of ripe cherries, blackcurrant berries and subtle toasted notes, which flow to a generous palate and silky tannins. Drink now through 2016.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second of our two Costco picks this week. Yesterday we featured the 2010 Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon - Take a Vow of Delicious which sells for $18.99 at Costco and today we go under $10 for a delicious Bordeaux.   Unlike the Franciscan Cabernet, todays wine actually comes from the Costco house brand, Kirkland Signature. This means that in addition to the normal low Costco margin, youre also enjoying additional savings based on Costcos direct sourcing. Of course, all this is for naught if the wine is no good, so lets find out shall we?  The 2010 Kirkland Signature Bordeaux Superieur begins with a very nice aroma of plum, blackcurrant and spice plus a little vanilla and toasty oak. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals a smooth texture, lots of juicy black cherry and other ripe berry flavors and more toasty oak. The oak dissipates with some air so consider decanting or using a Vinturi before serving. (You can even use the Vinturi at the Thanksgiving table and amaze your guests!) It finishes dry with more dark fruit and a bit of oak that resolves into tobacco notes at the very end. And if you dont finish it off on Thanksgiving have no fear, itll wash those leftovers down just fine on Friday. Quite a deal for only $7!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121120"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Kirkland Signature Bordeaux Superieur"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/kirkland-signature-bordeaux-superieur.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
527,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from France. SRP of $10 and available for around $8.  Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""COTES DE GASCOGNE (Indication Géographique Protégée)  Jaja is an old French slang word for a glass of wine, and everyday wine, a thirst-quencher. Jau is a beautifully prestigious wine estate in the South of France. Ben is an artist, with strong links to Chateau de Jaus contemporary art museum.  This is a fresh, clean and zesty Sauvignon Blanc, ideal apertif and accompaniment to fish and seafood...  I hope you enjoy it as I do, well chilled, as a partner to all those good things in life.  Salut, Estelle Dauré - winemaker  11.5% Alcohol"" The 2010 le jaja de jau Sauvignon Blanc from Chateau de Jau begins with nice aromas of citrus: primarily lemon, lime, orange and grapefruit. There is also a little freshly cut grass and guava for good measure. The wine tastes of citrus and tropical fruit plus some grapefruit zest. Le jaja de jau is a crisp, fresh wine with good strong acidity that would probably be really nice with fish. It ends with strong flavors that linger a long time. Overall, nothing overly complex, just a really nice Sauvignon Blanc that will stand up to a lot foods. Ooh la la!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110912"",  ""title"" : ""2010 le jaja de jau Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
528,"  100% Syrah from France.  Available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""In the warm, sun-drenched villages along the French Mediterranean Coast, ""Jaja"" is slang for the regions delicious, full-flavored, everyday wines.  Our family estates are located in the foothills of the Pyrenees mountains where we produce four different ""Jaja"". Our Syrah is big, ripe, fruity and full-bodied.  We hope you enjoy this wine as we do: well-chilled with lots of good food and good company.  13.0% Alcohol""Whats not to like about this wine? Its name means everyday wine and we like to drink wine everyday! Its a match made in heaven. Well that may be a little strong, but it is a pretty good wine much like the other Jaja de Jau wine we reviewed, the Sauvignon Blanc.  The 2010 Le Jaja de Jau Syrah Rouge begins with a nice aroma of ripe dark fruit and peppery spice. The wine tastes simple and straightforward with lots of bright berries and a bit of underlying earthiness. Some pleasant spice comes into play on the finish. The label suggests to serve this one chilled which I couldnt bring myself to do, but it tasted just fine at room temperature. It didnt hold up quite as well on day 2 but overall this is just a really nice everyday wine at a really easy price. Cest dans la poche - its a sure thing.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120130"",  ""title"" : ""Le Jaja de Jau Syrah Rouge 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
529,"  100% Petite Sirah from Lake County, California.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $7. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The North Coast of the California wine growing region is located on the 39th parallel. Many of the great wine growing regions of the world are found along this line. The North Coast features some of the best conditions for producing some of the finest wine harvests.   ""North Coast grapes are perfect for my style of Petite Sirah. A zesty mix of cherries and tannins enhanced by a trace of oak and tobacco. --- Salut!"" Bob Broman, winemaker  13.5% Alcohol""Line 39 wines is located in Lake County, California -- an emerging and exciting wine region just north of Napa Valley. And while Sauvignon Blanc may be its best known variety so far, if todays wine is any example the Petite Sirah is pretty darn nice as well. We previously reviewed the 2009 vintage of this wine and concluded, ""Dont Have A BBQ Without It"". Lets see how the 2010 vintage compares.  The 2010 Line 39 North Coast Petite Sirah begins with very nice aromas of ripe dark fruit, licorice and spice. The wine tastes of juicy dark fruit, with not nearly as much oak evident as the 2009, and offers a smooth, velvety texture. On the finish the sweet juicy fruit lasts a long time and ends with just a bit of toasty oak and tobacco. This is quite a delicious wine that is even better than the 2009 vintage. And while its still great with a steak, this vintage is quite good on its own as well making it a great pick for your next party (or for your 4th of July BBQ tomorrow!)  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120703"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Line 39 North Coast Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
530,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Lake County, California.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The North Coast of the California wine growing region is located on the 39th parallel. Many of the great wine growing regions of the world are found along this line. The North Coast features some of the best conditions for producing some of the finest wine harvests.   ""With neighbors like Napa and Sonoma Counties, Lake County grapes are perfect for my style of Sauvignon Blanc. Enjoy layers of lemon and orange citrus flavors, well-balanced acidity with a clean long finish. Discover Lake County like I did. --- Salut!"" Bob Broman, winemaker  13.5% Alcohol""Lake County, which is east of Mendocino County and north of Napa Valley in California, is an up-and-coming wine region that is best known for Sauvignon Blanc. These emerging wine regions can be great options for Reverse Wine Snobs! Since they are not yet well known, but producing excellent wines, you can often find some great bargains. Todays wine comes from Line 39, who also makes an excellent Petite Sirah we reviewed a couple weeks ago.  The 2010 Line 39 Sauvignon Blanc Lake County certainly smells like Sauvignon Blanc, with grapefruit and other citrus and a bit of grassiness. Tasting the wine shows good, creamy flavors of citrus, grapefruit and tropical fruit with a kind of stony minerality underneath. It ends with lots of lemon/lime on the long finish. Really just a delightfully good Sauvignon Blanc for about eight bucks!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120716"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Line 39 Sauvignon Blanc Lake County"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
531,"  100% Pinot Noir from France. Available for around $9.   Sample received courtesy Lulu B. Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Lulu B. Born in France, Woman of the World. I began my journey searching for the ultimate noble grape of France; Pinot Noir. My wanderlust soon took me around the world, in search of my favorite Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec. Join me in a glass of wine that is rich, silky soft and delicious! Pairs well with...chit chat. 12.5% Alcohol.The 2010 Lulu B Pinot Noir has aromas of black cherry, plum, and even a little cinnamon. The wine tastes of black cherry. This wine is simple and a bit thin but very smooth and drinkable with a nice silky texture. The finish shows a little spice with sweet cherry notes. So to answer the question above, yes, we did indeed find another nice Pinot Noir for under $10!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110713"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Lulu B Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
532,"   A Super (Fruity) Tuscan  85% Sangiovese and 15% Cabernet Sauvignon from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $11 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Remole, ""Reh-moe-leh"" is a Frescobaldi wine sourced from vineyards in central Tuscany ideal for the production of this regions most traditional wines. The extraordinary environment and microclimate of Tuscany are the key of the production of wine with a unique character and drinkability. Remole is a remarkably versatile wine that pairs beautifully with a wide range of cuisine: from Oriental traditions to classic Mediterranean dishes featuring grains and meat, such as cured meats and sausages, barbecued or boiled meats and vegetables.  12.5% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were suckers for a good Italian wine and Tuscany has a ton of them. In fact, we could literally spend years just focusing on wines from Tuscany and still leave much unsaid. This is one of the most renowned wine regions in the world producing a surprising variation of wines. In other words, Tuscany is not just about Sangiovese, but the Sangiovese is very good and so thats what we have here today! (With a little Cabernet Sauvignon mixed in for good measure.)  The 2010 Marchesi de Frescobaldi Remole Toscana begins with loads of fruit -- plum, blackberry and raspberry predominantly with licorice and black pepper highlights. The wine tastes juicy! Theres just a whole lot of sweet and juicy berry fruit in this easy to drink wine. Were talking blackberry, raspberry, blueberry, strawberry, cranberry...you get the idea. Soft tannins and a dry fruity finish with good length round things out. A great choice for pizza night, just invite enough friends to finish the bottle off as it didnt fare so well on day 2. Dont let that stop you from trying this one though, especially the fruit lovers!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121127"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Frescobaldi Remole Toscana"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/frescobaldi-remole-toscana-2010.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
533,"  Cabernet Sauvignon from California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing for review purposes.  From the winery: ""McManis Family winemakers picked these grapes at the peak of ripeness in late fall 2010. During fermentation, the grapes for this rich, satisfying wine were allowed to remain on the skins for 7-9 days, ensuring beautiful, deep color. Aged for 4-6 months on French and American oak, the wine offers delicious aromas of black fruits and cassis and juicy, luscious flavor.  13.5% Alcohol""Were no stranger to McManis Family Vineyards here at The Reverse Wine Snob as weve tasted and enjoyed a good number of their wines: McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2010 - Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20  McManis Family Vineyards Viognier 2011 - Dont Call It A Comeback  McManis Zinfandel 2010 - An Easy-Drinking and Well-Balanced Zin  McManis Family Vineyards Petite Sirah 2010 - Smoky Blackberry and Toffee  McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2010 - Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec Under $20  Jack Tone Vineyards Red Wine Bottle Blend 3 Liter Bag In Box - Breaking Into The Box  Jack Tone Vineyards White Wine Bottle Blend 3 Liter Bag In Box - Breaking Into The Box (Part Two)  McManis excels across the board in the under $10 category, delivering great tasting wine for the price. This means you can afford to not only drink them everyday but keep things interesting thanks to all these options. (And were not even done reviewing all the McManis wines yet!) Of course all these options wouldnt be complete without the King of Grapes, Cabernet, so thats exactly the variety we turn to today.  The 2010 McManis Family Vineyards California Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very nice aroma of blackberry and spice with some herbal minty notes and a little bit of oak. Tasting the wine shows good juicy fruit, lots of blackberry plus some oaky spice notes. A bit lighter bodied than you might expect which, along with the smoothness, creates a very easy to drink wine. It ends with more nice peppery spice along with sweet blackberry flavors. Good enough and cheap enough to drink everyday so thats exactly what I suggest you do!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120917"",  ""title"" : ""2010 McManis Family Vineyards California Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/mcmanis-family-vineyards-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
534,"  100% Malbec from California.  SRP of $11.99 and available for around $10. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing and McManis Family Vineyards for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""Medium purple in color, the 2010 Malbec from McManis Family Vineyards contains pleasing scents of juicy red raspberry, toast and mocha. Raspberry is also the predominate flavor of this medium bodied offering. Moderate tannins become evident on the finish.  13.5% Alcohol""We are continuing on with our Malbec Mania series and todays wine comes from California. While Malbec is most commonly associated with Argentina these days (and to a lesser extent the Cahors region of France) there are other areas producing some pretty nice wines from these grapes and California is one of them.  The 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Malbec begins with pleasant aromas of raspberry, blackberry and caramel. Tasting the wine shows really nice juicy fruit. Oak is also very evident but not so much that it takes away from the experience. The wine ends with a nice bit of spicy tannins and then the fruit lingers and turns into toasty mocha notes. Very good!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111125"",  ""title"" : ""McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    ""Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec Under $20"" Wines Reviewed To Date 2010 Santa Julia [+] Malbec 2009 Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec 2010 Alamos Malbec 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2009 Terrazas De Los Andes Malbec Reserva  2010 Recuerdo Malbec 2009 Familia Grittini Areo Malbec 2009 Santa Julia Reserva Malbec "
535,"  Pinot Noir along with a bit of Petit Verdot from California.  SRP of $11.99 and available for as low as $8. Wine received courtesy Benson Marketing and McManis Family Vineyards for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""The Pinot Noir grape is famous for its tender skin, requiring gentle handling to bring out its fabled essence. The McManis Family is renowned for their viticultural knowledge and this garnet beauty is testimony to their experience. Aromas of plum, raspberry, and strawberry, with a subtle waft of vanilla from six months of French oak aging, combine with mouthwatering cherry flavors; creamy mocha lingers on the finish of this graceful wine.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir begins with aromas of cherry vanilla cola and raspberry. The wine tastes of sweet and smooth red fruit with loads of creamy vanilla. On the finish, nice lightly spicy tannins resolve into lingering fruity vanilla and caramel notes. Very nice and fans of vanilla will especially like this one.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111230"",  ""title"" : ""McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir "
536,"   More Pinot Noir for the 99.   Pinot Noir from Vigneto delle Dolomiti, Trentino-Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Mezzacorona only vinifies Pinot Noir grapes of its own production cultivated in vineyards at the foot of the Dolomites.  Intense bouquet of ripe fruit, dry flavours. Brief refinement in oak.  The ideal complement to your favourite dish: charcuterie, flavourful roasted poultry and red meat.  13.0% Alcohol""Despite what you may hear elsewhere, good and inexpensive Pinot Noir can come from lots of different places. There is California of course, and Oregon, but dont forget about France, New Zealand and even Austria. And today we travel to Italy to find another inexpensive and eminently drinkable Pinot Noir for the 99.   The 2010 Mezzacorona Pinot Noir begins with aromas of rose petals and other floral notes, cherry and a little graphite and mint. Tasting the smooth, light-bodied wine reveals strawberry, cherry, raspberry, a little cola and some earthy notes along with a really nice spicy streak. On the finish of this easy to drink wine tart fruit turns into some light tobacco notes. It may not have the depth of flavor of some of the more expensive bottles of Pinot Noir but for $8 this wine is hard to beat.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131218"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Mezzacorona Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/mezzacorona-pinot-noir.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
537,"   Dont let the ""Petite"" in the name fool you.  Petite Sirah from California.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Ravenswood wines are big and unapologetic - crafted for those who refuse to flock to the latest fad. For 30 years weve believed Authenticity, Craft & Character always trump the latest trend.  Experience our interpretation of Petite Sirah; Full-Bodied and powerfully delicious with a decidedly delicious not-small flavor profile of Black Fruit and dark Chocolate.  13.5% Alcohol""Petite Sirah is a great variety for Reverse Wine Snobs. Not so popular that the prices are crazy, but oh so delicious. And after our recent"
538,"  Cabernet Sauvignon from California.  SRP of $8 and available widely for $7. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Redtree Cabernet Sauvignon is the perfect wine to enjoy with a variety of foods -- from pizza and pasta dishes to hearty beef and chicken fare. Our tried-and-true winemaking techniques produce red wines of amazing consistancy: fruit-forward, virtually expressive and food-friendly.  12.5% Alcohol""For todays wine we go back to Redtree wines, the producer of our favorite Moscato. And while there is plenty of Cabernet Sauvignon available, finding a good one for only $7 is not easy. Today weve done just that.  The 2010 Redtree Cabernet Sauvignon begins with black cherry and smoky notes along with some toffee aromas. Tasting the wine shows lots of bright and delicious fruit like blackberry, raspberry and black cherry but also offers a bit of smoke. This wine is really easy to drink thanks to the good texture and soft tannins. It ends nicely with a medium-short finish. Day 2 is just as good.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120418"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Redtree Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
539,"  82% Pinot Grigio, 8% Pinot Blanc, 5% Sauvignon Blanc, 5% Gewurztraminer from California. SRP of $11 and available for as low as $9.   Sample received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Through tireless winemaking innovation, an uncompromising eye for quality and unshakable faith in Californias vineyards, Robert Mondavi was a pioneer in producing wines that rival the worlds finest.  Our Pinot Grigio captures bright citrus, pear and tropical fruit flavors that culminate in a crisp refreshing finish.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Grigio begins with light aromas of citrus and pear along with some floral notes. The wine tastes fresh, light, and woody. The predominant flavors are grapefruit, pineapple and citrus. The finish is on the short side but no matter. This is an enjoyably simple and easy drinking wine. A really nice example of a Pinot Grigio.  Other Robert Mondavi Private Selection Wines Reviewed 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Chardonnay 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2009 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Cabernet Sauvignon  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111011"",  ""title"" : ""Robert Mondavi Pinot Grigio Private Selection 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
540,"  90% Pinot Noir, 6% Petite Sirah, 3% Syrah and 1% Merlot from California.  SRP of $11 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Folsom & Associates for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Through tireless winemaking innovation, an uncompromising eye for quality and unshakable faith in Californias vineyards, Robert Mondavi was a pioneer in producing wines that rival the worlds finest.  Our Pinot Noir unfolds in elegant, silky layers of wild cherries, berries and aromatic spices. Warm oak nuances linger on the finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Were now seven wines into our series on Pinot Noir under $20 and weve got just a couple more wines to go at this point. And while a few of the wines weve reviewed so far may be hard to find, todays wine is one that should be readily available all over the U.S. Weve had good luck with the Private Selection line of wines from Robert Mondavi in the past having reviewed the tasty Meritage, the buttery Chardonnay and the pleasant Pinot Grigio. Lets see how todays wine measures up.  The 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir begins with aromas of tart cherry plus a bit of spice and nutmeg. The wine tastes of smooth tart and juicy cherry and berry flavors followed by nice, soft, lightly spicy tannins. The slightly bitter and dry finish features lingering fruit notes. Pretty good!  Other Robert Mondavi Private Selection wine reviewed: 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2009 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Grigio 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Chardonnay  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120106"",  ""title"" : ""Robert Mondavi Pinot Noir Private Selection 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir "
541,"  100% Malbec from Neuquen Valley, Patagonia, Argentina.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy W. J. Deutsch & Sons for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Exploring South America is one of our passions. Not content to continue growing grapes in the same regions we always have, we set out more than two decades ago to explore new lands, curious to see how different soils and climates would affect our favorite wine varieties. We found that Patagonias cool, dry climate, large temperature variations and complex soils were perfect for Malbec, producing a deep ruby-coloured wine, with rich, smooth blackberry flavors and vanilla aromas. Our wines from Patagonia are named Ruta 22 after the main route used to travel from East to West through Argentina.  14.5% Alcohol""Patagonia is known for extremes. Extremes like glaciers, for example, as Patagonia is believed to have originally been a part of the Antarctic continent. Or extremes like only 1 inch of rain per year in some areas, including where todays wine is from. Add to that the huge temperature differentials and unique soils and youve got a challenging place to maintain a vineyard. The good part is that all these things actually add up to very flavorful grapes! And of course, this is not the first Malbec weve reviewed from Patagonia. If you remember, we also enjoyed the Familia Grittini Areo Malbec very much as part of our Malbec Mania! series.    The 2010 Ruta 22 Malbec begins with aromas of blackberry, licorice and lots of dense spice. Tasting this medium-bodied wine shows the same flavors as the bouquet with a great interplay between the fruit and spice components. The spice intensifies on the dry finish and combines with sweet fruit notes that together last a long time. Its actually not all that common that the flavors from the bouquet stay the same all the way through to the finish, but that is exactly what you get with this wine, and its quite good.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120308"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Ruta 22 Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
542,"  100% Torrontés from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""With a rich viticultural history stretching back to the early 19th century, Rutini Wines is recognized as one of Argentinas most prestigious wine producers.   Trumpeter Torrontés is an immensely aromatic and distinctive wine with predominant aromas of white peaches followed by hints of jasmine and rose. This summery white displays a  pleasant freshness with citrus notes and a long finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Ahh, Torrontes. Perhaps my favorite white wine. In fact, when I was asked recently if I was stranded on a deserted island and had to pick only one white variety to drink for the rest of my days I ended up deciding on Torrontes. If you think Malbec is the only good thing coming out of Argentina, its definitely time to check out this wonderful white grape.  The 2010 Rutini Wines Trumpeter Torrontés begins with a nicely sweet aroma of honeysuckle, melon, peach, pear and floral notes. The wine tastes of orange rind, peach, grapefruit and dried herbs plus some mineral notes. This is a really smooth wine with good crisp acidity. Dont serve this one too cold to get the best flavors (i.e., if you put it in the refrigerator you probably want to let it sit a bit before serving.) The wine ends dry with some slowly developing zesty grapefruit notes on the long finish that add an interesting contrast.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120605"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Trumpeter Torrontés"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
543,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Wine Sellers Ltd for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Santa Julia range is symbolic of our respect and care for the natural Mendoza environment, their home since the company was created in 1963. Today, this third generation family of winemakers continue their mission through many programs that benefit the land, the community.  100% sustainable farmed grapes. Social welfare programs. Energy conservation. Use of green fertilizers. Wildlife preservation. Vineyard irrigation from pure mountain water and water recycling programs.  This Santa Julia Cabernet has notes of black pepper and blackcurrant fruit and soft tannins. It is a great match for rich casseroles, hearty stews and roasted beef.  13.0% Alcohol""Weve reviewed quite a few of the Santa Julia wines to date (Organica Malbec, Reserva Malbec, Malbec [+], Organica Cabernet and Torrontés) and love the fabulous quality for the price. Todays wine is the second weve reviewed from the [+] (Plus) line and if you remember the previous one was a Malbec that currently resides in the #3 spot on the Top 10 list. And were not done with the Santa Julia wines yet...stay tuned for the Chardonnay [+] and the Cabernet Sauvignon Reserva coming soon. The question for today is, ""Can the Cabernet [+] carry on the winning tradition?"" The answer, in a word, is yes.  The 2010 Santa Julia [+] Cabernet Sauvignon begins with great aromas of plum, blackberry, spice, cola and a little chocolate. The wine tastes really fruity but is balanced by some really nice tannins and spice. The predominant flavors of this medium-bodied wine are blackberry, black cherry, licorice, cola and black pepper. The dry, medium long finish features those nice tannins along with some mild oak that resolves into lingering fruit and chocolate notes. Really nice and a great value.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120119"",  ""title"" : ""Santa Julia [+] Cabernet Sauvignon 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
544,"  A blend of Inzolia, Grecanico and Catarratto from Sicily, Italy.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This was the first wine produced by Count Tasca d’Almerita on the Regaleali estate. A blend of three Sicilian grapes-- Inzolia, Catarratto and Grecanico—this wine is chill-fermented in stainless steel to create a versatile, refreshing and delicious white of true Sicilian character.  Straw-yellow in color with vibrant notes of green apples, peach, pear and grapefruit, Regaleali Bianco is dry and crisp with excellent structure and a superb, fruity finish. Clean and refreshing, Regaleali is great for antipasti, grilled octopus, seafood or garden salads and Asian cuisines.   12.0% Alcohol""The island of Sicily has a rich tradition of winemaking and even today Sicily has more vineyards than any other wine region in Italy. The island is best known for its dessert wines, such as Marsala, which make up 90% of the total production but dont think that is all Sicily has to offer. Winemakers on the island also produce some very nice red and white wines like todays selection which is a very popular blend of three Sicilian white grapes.   The 2010 Tasca dAlmerita Regaleali Bianco Sicilia begins with light and delicious aromas of apple, peach, pear and some other citrus notes. The wine tastes fresh and clean with pear and apple flavors. This is a really easy to drink summertime quaffer. It also has some nice subtle minerality underneath the fruit. A wine that will pair with lots of different foods.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120509"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Tasca dAlmerita Regaleali Bianco Sicilia"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
545,"  100% Bonarda from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Tilia, the Latin name for Linden, is a traditional tree in Mendoza whose flowers are used to make a relaxing herbal tea, enjoyed after a long days work among the vines. The choice of this historic tree to represent our wine reflects a commitment to the traditional way of life in Mendoza, where most farmers bike or walk to work and live with their families near the winery and vineyards.  Tilia is sourced from sustainably farmed family vineyards in the Eastern and Southern regions of Mendoza. Tilia Bonarda shows juicy raspberry fruit flavors and aromas with a touch of licorice and finishes with soft, round tannins.  13.5% Alcohol""Twenty years ago Bonarda was the most planted grape in Argentina. Since that time it has been overshadowed by the huge rise in popularity of Malbec, but dont count it out yet! Bonarda is still the second most planted grape in the country and Argentina is the biggest producer of Bonarda in the world. Were beginning to see many more wines made from this variety exported to the U.S. and thats a very good thing.  (To make matters confusing there are actually three different grapes in Northern Italy that all go by the Bonarda name, but they are all distinct from each other and from Bonarda in Agentina.)   The 2010 Tilia Bonarda begins with really nice aromas of red and black fruit along with lots and lots of licorice and some floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals juicy red berry fruit with some toasty edges, light minty notes, black pepper and a little vanilla. The mouthfeel of this delicious wine is smooth and soft. It ends with a nice, dry finish with that starts fruity and ends toasty. A wine that is easy to drink and quite satisfying!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120710"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Tilia Bonarda"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
546,"  40% Muscat Canelli, 34% Muscat Orange, 10% Muscat Alexander, 8% Gewürztraminer and 8% aromatic white varietals from California.  SRP of $8 and available widely for around $6. Sample received courtesy Folsom & Associates for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Capturing the perfumed character of the Muscat grape, our Moscatos fruity aromas and delicately sweet, lively flavors complement fresh fruit and lightly sweet desserts. Believing that wine is integral to gracious living, Robert Mondavi founded Woodbridge Winery in 1979 to make fine wines for every occasion. He returned to his childhood roots in Lodi, California to craft wines that combine rich tradition with innovation.  10.0% Alcohol""I am quickly becoming a fan of Moscato, which offers a delicious level of sweetness at a low price. (Take our most recent bulk buy for example, the Redtree Moscato - A Deliciously Sweet"
547," [Check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     A GSM blend for the masses!   50% Grenache, 30% Syrah and 20% Mourvedre from Vin Pays dOc, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.   Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $6.99.  From the bottle: ""Produced in the Languedoc-Roussillon, between sea and mountain, from the three local grape varieties Grenache (50%), Syrah (30%) and Mourvedre (20%), Pontificis is deep purple in colour, with aromas of spice, black fruits and herbs and a palate of supple, yet rich spicy fruit. It is a beautiful representation of the best of the South of France.  Enjoy at 64F with meats in sauce, mediterranean dishes, marinated game and cheeses.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Badet Clement Pontificis GSM Blend begins with pleasant aromas of dark red fruit, a few oaky notes, menthol and some light herbal notes. I also got a touch of heat on the nose which is surprising given this wine is only 13.5% alcohol. Tasting the wine reveals more dark fruit along with leather, tobacco and oak notes. Its a bit rough but still quite good and enjoyable to drink. It ends dry with good length and lingering tobacco notes. Overall its a nice GSM blend at an even nicer price.  Wine in the Trader Joes Week series: Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #1.  Plus The Trader Joes Pricing Strategy Revealed!  Cheap and Refreshing White Wines - Trader Joes Week Wines #2 and #3 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana 2009 - Trader Joes Week Wine #4. A perfect partner for a pizza! Pontificis GSM Blend 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #5. A GSM blend for the masses!  Brunello and Barbaresco On The Cheap - Trader Joes Week Wines #6 and #7. The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  TJs Classics - Trader Joes Week Wines #8, #9 and #10. The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.  Also be sure to check our Costco Week series for another source of great, inexpensive and widely available wine!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130627"",  ""title"" : ""Pontificis GSM Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/pontificis-gsm-blend-trader-joes.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
548," Includes a BULK BUY!     Two crazy good wines from Carinena.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Franklin Tate Estates Alexanders Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon 2012 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   As we noted in our review of the Monte Ducay Reserva 2009 and the Alto Cinco Garnacha 2012 a few weeks ago, the Carinena region in northern Spain has a long history of winemaking going all the way back to the 3rd century B.C. The vineyards in this area consist of mostly rocky soils at relatively high altitudes with vines averaging 40 years of age. In fact, the area is so known for its rocky soils that the locals call the wines ""el vino de las piedras"", or ""wine of the rocks"". Todays selections come from Grandes Vinos y Vinedos S.A. winery which was founded in 1997 and has rapidly become one of the larger in the region.   First up is the 2011 Beso de Vino Seleccion, a blend of 85% Syrah and 15% Garnacha from Carinena, Aragon, Spain. It has an SRP of $12 and is available for as low as $8. It is imported by Steve Miles Selections. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Antonio the Bull, kissed this wine and he fell in love. Now he runs around the world and offers this wine to you. Beso de Vino Kiss of Wine, the Spanish Temptation in a bottle. Fall in love. Have Fun. Beso de Vino.  Garnet color. Roasted coffee, baked berry, chocolate covered espresso bean and sweet cherry aromas follow through to supple, fruity medium-to-full body with tangy apple accents and lively balanced tannins.  13.5% Alcohol""One thing that stands out about this bottle before you even open it is the latest generation of screwcap which has three tiny holes in it:     Thanks to a special membrane in the screwcap itself, these holes allow microscopic and controlled amounts of oxygen into the bottle just like a cork with no worries of cork taint or of allowing too much air in while still being super easy to open and re-close. As someone who prefers the ease of opening of a screwcap this sounds like a great innovation to me, but lets see how the wine tastes!   The 2011 Beso de Vino Seleccion begins with a very pleasant, strong aroma of black cherry, blackberry, plum and licorice plus a little menthol and white pepper. Tasting this medium-bodied wine shows lots of sweet, thick, ripe dark berry fruit but also tons of cola and licorice that dominates the mid-palate and into the finish. Youll also find good acidity in this easy to drink wine. It ends dry, grippy, and a bit bitter but with good length.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor and use code ""jon14"" to get free shipping on any size order!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy Next is the 2011 Beso de Vino Old Vine Garnacha which is 100% Garnacha from Carinena, Aragon, Spain. It has an SRP of $12 and is available for as low as $8. This wine is also imported by Steve Miles Selections. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Garnet violet color. Banana nut bread toast, berry compote, and delicate spice aromas follow through on a round entry to a dry-yet-fruity medium body with a hint of green apple and mint jelly. Finished with round and balanced tannins and a crisp and pleasant acidity.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Beso de Vino Old Vine Garnacha begins with an excellent and fruity aroma filled with black cherry, plum, violet and lavender notes along with touches of vanilla, mint and smoke. This wine comes from 40 year old vines and spent 4 months in new French oak. Tasting reveals a delicious medium-bodied wine filled with savory sweet dark berry fruit and nice touches of spice. Sure enough those hints of banana nut bread mentioned on the back label come through as well. Add to that good acidity and a soft and smooth texture and youve got one really tasty wine that is hard to beat at this price. It ends dry and long with lingering sweet fruit and a bit of oak.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 8."
549,"   Perfect For Pasta Night  60% Corvina, 30% Rondinella and 10% other varieties from Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $9 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""For more than a century Bolla wines have been recognized for trusted quality. Made with hand-picked grapes from northern Italys Veneto region, Bolla Valpolicella offers berry, almond, raisin, and spicy black-cherry flavors.  12.0% Alcohol""Valpolicella is a wine area in Northern Italy near another one of our favorite wine regions, Alto Adige. And while Im certainly familiar with and a fan of wines from Valpolicella I had no idea just how much wine was produced here -- it ranks second in wine production in Italy. (The Chianti DOC is first.) Todays wine is a good example of the traditional Valpolicella blend consisting of primarily of the Italian grapes Corvina and Rondinella.  The 2011 Bolla Valpolicella begins with pleasant, smoky aromas of sour dark fruit, licorice and leather. The wine tastes smooth and easy to drink with slightly sour black cherry and other tart red berries along with a bit of spice and soft tannins. This is a light to medium-bodied wine that you may want to serve slightly chilled. The finish is short, but quite good nonetheless. A highly quaffable wine that makes a good match for red sauces!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130108"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bolla Valpolicella"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/bolla-valpolicella-2011-highly-quaffable.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
550,"   Another extremely satisfying Pinot Noir for well under $15.   100% Pinot Noir from Vin de Pays dOc, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Boisset Family Estates.  From the bottle: ""A deliciously fruit-forward Pinot Noir from the South of France.  13.0% Alcohol""If you follow The Reverse Wine Snob closely you may have noticed an increase in Pinot Noir reviews lately (see here and here for our two most recent recommendations). The reason? Thanksgiving is coming and Pinot Noir is a perfect pick for your holiday table. In addition to todays selection well have several more cheap and tasty options for you over the next couple weeks so be sure to stay tuned. But first lets check out todays wine.   The 2011 Bouchard Aine & Fils Heritage du Conseiller Pinot Noir Vin De Pays dOc begins with pleasant aromas of red and black cherry, a little spice, a little mushroom and a hint of mint. The wine tastes light-bodied with good acidity and soft tannins. Black cherry, a little licorice and other spice and a nice earthy streak are the primary components of this tasty, very easy to drink wine. It ends dry with good length and a bit of toasty oak on the finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131106"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bouchard Aine & Fils Pinot Noir Vin De Pays dOc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/bouchard-aine-fils-pinot-noir.html"" };     Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
551,"   A pair of versatile wines that pair perfectly with everyday situations.   The 2011 Oakley 82 White and the 2010 and 2011 Oakley 82 Red.   Today we turn to Cline Cellars wallet friendly line of Oakley 82 wines, released to commemorate the beginning of Cline Cellars in 1982 in Oakley, California. (Fold out the back labels on all three wines to see a timeline of the winery.) All three wines have an SRP of $10 and are available for as low as $8. (Samples were submitted for review.) The 2011 vintage of the Red just happened to show up as I was tasting the other two wines, so Ive included it here as there will likely be a mix of the two vintages available in stores the next couple months.  First up is the 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 White, a blend of 43% Sauvignon Blanc, 37% Palomino, 8% Viognier, 6% Malvasia Blanc and 6% Semillon from California.  From the bottle: ""Oakley is home to some of Californias oldest and rarest grapevines known to produce intense, aromatic wine. Oakley Eighty-Two is delicious alone or with chicken, fish or salad. Serve slightly chilled to enhance the wines citrus and peach notes.  14.0% Alcohol"" The 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 White begins with nice and simple aromas of grapefruit, peach and citrus. Tasting the wine reveals an intriguing, tasty and tangy blend of flavors, primarily grapefruit and lots of lime. Its relatively simple, but this would be quite a refreshing wine on a hot day. Sauvignon Blanc is the most recognizable varietal when tasting this five grape blend. It ends with more lingering tangy grapefruit notes on the medium length finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2010 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red, which is the epitome of a kitchen sink blend consisting of 30% Syrah, 27% Merlot, 15% Barbera, 7% Zinfandel, 5% Alicante Bouschet, 4% Cabernet Franc and 12% Mixed Red varieties from California.  From the bottle: ""Oakley is home to some of Californias oldest and rarest grapevines known to produce intense, aromatic wine. Delicious spicy berry flavors are enhanced when served with pork, beef or pizza.   13.5% Alcohol (2010) 14.5% Alcohol (2011)""The 2010 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red begins with aromas of jammy dark berries, red licorice and a little wintergreen mint. The wine tastes of jammy fruit and black pepper along with a nice light spice component and sweet caramel and molasses notes. Add in some soft tannins and youve got a nice wine for fans of the Apothic or Gnarly Head red wine blends.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Last we have the 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red. It consists of 56% Syrah, 15% Petite Sirah, 13% Barbera, 5% Cabernet Franc and 11% Mixed Red varieties from California.   The 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red begins similar to the 2010 with dark berries, although not quite as jammy, and wintergreen mint. Theres not as much red licorice present but the 2011 also adds in a hint of coffee. Tasting the wine reveals similar flavors but I would classify the 2011 as having more of a brambly character. The best food matches are exactly like the fold out label suggests: burgers, pizza or dry rub ribs.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
552,"   A pair of versatile wines that pair perfectly with everyday situations.   The 2011 Oakley 82 White and the 2010 and 2011 Oakley 82 Red.   Today we turn to Cline Cellars wallet friendly line of Oakley 82 wines, released to commemorate the beginning of Cline Cellars in 1982 in Oakley, California. (Fold out the back labels on all three wines to see a timeline of the winery.) All three wines have an SRP of $10 and are available for as low as $8. (Samples were submitted for review.) The 2011 vintage of the Red just happened to show up as I was tasting the other two wines, so Ive included it here as there will likely be a mix of the two vintages available in stores the next couple months.  First up is the 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 White, a blend of 43% Sauvignon Blanc, 37% Palomino, 8% Viognier, 6% Malvasia Blanc and 6% Semillon from California.  From the bottle: ""Oakley is home to some of Californias oldest and rarest grapevines known to produce intense, aromatic wine. Oakley Eighty-Two is delicious alone or with chicken, fish or salad. Serve slightly chilled to enhance the wines citrus and peach notes.  14.0% Alcohol"" The 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 White begins with nice and simple aromas of grapefruit, peach and citrus. Tasting the wine reveals an intriguing, tasty and tangy blend of flavors, primarily grapefruit and lots of lime. Its relatively simple, but this would be quite a refreshing wine on a hot day. Sauvignon Blanc is the most recognizable varietal when tasting this five grape blend. It ends with more lingering tangy grapefruit notes on the medium length finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2010 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red, which is the epitome of a kitchen sink blend consisting of 30% Syrah, 27% Merlot, 15% Barbera, 7% Zinfandel, 5% Alicante Bouschet, 4% Cabernet Franc and 12% Mixed Red varieties from California.  From the bottle: ""Oakley is home to some of Californias oldest and rarest grapevines known to produce intense, aromatic wine. Delicious spicy berry flavors are enhanced when served with pork, beef or pizza.   13.5% Alcohol (2010) 14.5% Alcohol (2011)""The 2010 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red begins with aromas of jammy dark berries, red licorice and a little wintergreen mint. The wine tastes of jammy fruit and black pepper along with a nice light spice component and sweet caramel and molasses notes. Add in some soft tannins and youve got a nice wine for fans of the Apothic or Gnarly Head red wine blends.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Last we have the 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red. It consists of 56% Syrah, 15% Petite Sirah, 13% Barbera, 5% Cabernet Franc and 11% Mixed Red varieties from California.   The 2011 Cline Cellars Oakley 82 Red begins similar to the 2010 with dark berries, although not quite as jammy, and wintergreen mint. Theres not as much red licorice present but the 2011 also adds in a hint of coffee. Tasting the wine reveals similar flavors but I would classify the 2011 as having more of a brambly character. The best food matches are exactly like the fold out label suggests: burgers, pizza or dry rub ribs.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
553," [Check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.   Today is the last day of our Trader Joes Week reviews and so we turn to a trio of reliably good, always cheap and almost always available Trader Joes exclusive wines.   First up is the 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, a wine that has rabid fans among Trader Joes devotees. It is such a reliable seller that the stores in my area have to re-stock this wine more than once a day. The wine is a blend of 61% Zinfandel, 17% Cabernet Franc, 12% Merlot, 6% Petite Verdot and 4% Petite Sirah from California. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $7.99.   From the bottle: ""Weve blended our favorite Bordeaux style varietals into a rich, silky wine with a soft, luxurious finish. Delight in aromas of ripe cherries and hints of sumptuous mocha that will fill your senses. Pair with roasted lamb or mint coulis or even a dark chocolate souffle to deliver that zen moment we all need.   Nirvana in a glass.  12.5% Alcohol""This wine is made by Georgetta Dane who took over the winemaking duties at The Big House after Randall Grahm left. (Hes now with Bonny Doon Vineyards.) And even though this is not my favorite type of wine (a sweet red) it is well made and should be well appreciated by fans of this style.   The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine begins with a heady aroma full of oaky notes -- vanilla, caramel and chocolate -- plus red cherry and blackberry fruit. The wine tastes smooth and sweet with similar flavors to the nose. Its easy to see why this wine is so popular as it is both easy to drink and very flavorful. The finish is medium-short and full of more sweet oak. This is a wine that should appeal greatly to all the Apothic Red fans out there.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next up is a wine that has seen moments of greatness, the 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33. We were huge fans of the 2008 vintage but the 2009 vintage let us down. Thats one of the characteristics that makes these Trader Joes wine classics -- while every vintage is reliably good for the price, every few years they hit one out of the park and really reinforce their cult status.  As always this wine is a blend of 33% Cabernet Sauvignon, 33% Merlot and 33% Montepulciano from Apulia, Italy. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $5.99.   From the bottle: ""This unique wine comes from the Apulia Region located in the depth of Southern Italy. The blend is an equal amount of three different varietals. Cabernet Sauvignon 33,3%, Merlot 33,3%, and Montepulciano 33,4% collectively aged six months in oak barrels, hence the name ""Trentatre"" which in Italian means Thirtythree. The color is a deep purple-red with a pleasant fruity nose with hints of plum, cherry, and chocolate. Full bodied, it has a supple finish with soft tannins. Enjoy it with pasta, pizza, grilled meats, seasoned cheese...or even on its own!  14.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 begins with pleasant aromas of plum and a little smoke. Tasting the wine reveals sour fruit, lots of oak, a little licorice and a smooth texture, but thats about it for this relatively simple wine. The finish is dry and of medium length. While its certainly good enough for only $5.99 its not the same as the vaunted 2008 (and 2007) vintages.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva which is a blend of 80% Negroamaro and 20% Malvasia Nera from Salice Salentino, Apulia, Italy. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $5.99. There are number of different Epicuro wines including a Nero dAvola and a Primitivo, but this seems to the one that is most well liked year in and year out. We last reviewed the 2006 vintage of this wine.  From the bottle: ""A blend of Negroamaro 80% and Malvasia Nera 20%. Intense ruby red in color with orange reflections on the outside rim of the wine. Intense and persistent aromas of red, woodsy berries. On the palate the wine is dry, well balanced, and full bodied with a long finish. Serve at room temperature with rustic meat dishes.   13% Alcohol.""The 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva begins with pleasant aromas of ripe red berries, licorice and oak. Youll want to give this one some time to breathe before tasting as the oak is a bit overwhelming at first. Once it has some air, there is a lot to enjoy here with the flavors in the mouth similar to the nose. Pair it with a pizza or pasta in red sauce to get the maximum enjoyment out of it.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Wine in the Trader Joes Week series: Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #1.  Plus The Trader Joes Pricing Strategy Revealed!  Cheap and Refreshing White Wines - Trader Joes Week Wines #2 and #3 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana 2009 - Trader Joes Week Wine #4. A perfect partner for a pizza! Pontificis GSM Blend 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #5. A GSM blend for the masses!  Brunello and Barbaresco On The Cheap - Trader Joes Week Wines #6 and #7. The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  TJs Classics - Trader Joes Week Wines #8, #9 and #10. The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.  Also be sure to check our Costco Week series for another source of great, inexpensive and widely available wine!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+ to get more content like this: (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
554,"   A great match for grilling season.   60% Syrah, 25% Carménère and 15% Cabernet Sauvignon from Rapel Valley, Chile.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This red blends velvety smooth texture carries focused flavors of ripe black fruit, plum, and black cherry upfront, followed by dark chocolate notes in the midpalate. A charming finish is balanced by mild tannins and marked with hints of toast and spice.  Enjoy this wine with barbecue sauce, rosemary lamb chops, and spicy ribs.  13.5% Alcohol""Its been a couple years since weve sampled a wine in the Casillero del Diablo line from Concha y Toro, but some things never change -- and thats a good thing. Just like the Carmenere we reviewed over two years ago, todays wine is a great match for anything off the grill.   The 2011 Concha y Toro Casillero del Diablo Reserva Winemakers Red Blend begins with abundant aromas of black fruit with a touch of green, a little anise and some light oaky notes. The wine tastes very smooth with soft tannins and flavors that mimic the nose with a bit more oak apparent, but theres still tons of rich fruit. Its quite a satisfying blend. On the medium-long finish the fruit gives way to a little oaky spice.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130717"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Casillero del Diablo Reserva Winemakers Red Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/casillero-del-diablo-reserva-winemakers-red.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
555,"   A solid Sangiovese for only $8.   100% Sangiovese from Terre degli Osci, Molise, Italy.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Imported by Winebow.  From the winery: ""Made from 100% Sangiovese grown in the Ramitello and Martarosa vineyards and hand-harvested in October, this wine is aged in stainless steel and large oak barrels for six months to achieve greater smoothness and softness while preserving the supple fruit-forward characteristics of Sangiovese.  Bright red in color, aromas of violets and red berries complement undertones of leather and anise.  On the palate, this wine is dry and mellow with smooth tannins that make for a crowd-pleasing, easy-to-drink red wine.  Pair this wine with hamburgers, Bolognese sauces, lasagna, and even paella valenciana.   13% Alcohol""The 2011 Di Majo Norante Sangiovese Terre degli Osci IGT begins with pleasant notes of cedar, spice, herbs, red berry and a touch of cranberry. The wine tastes smooth with soft tannins and is somewhat simple but easy to drink. Tart cherry, a little leather, cedar, oak, a touch of spice and good acidity add up to a nice inexpensive option for pizza or rustic pasta dishes. It ends dry with good length. A solid Sangiovese for only $8.  Also check out our"
556," More Marketing Gone Wild Or The Real Deal?     The Miss Priss Pink Moscato, Wood Duck Chardonnay and Triple Threat Red Blend.   When I first heard about these Duck Commander Wines my thoughts were similar to the first time I heard about the Wine For Dummies brand wines: ""Is this just a marketing gimmick or are these wines the real deal?"" Before we get to that question, lets be clear about what were dealing with here. These are wines with mass market appeal. As Willie Robertson stated upon the launch of the wines: ""Yuppie folks aint the only ones who can enjoy good wine. This is good wine for good people, and its made by good people.""These are not wines for wine aficionados trying to add to their grape count, but they are what I would call stepping stone wines. In other words, wines that bring new wine drinkers into the market, some of which will go on to become drinkers of wines with much less mass market appeal. Either way, as we declared in our Ten Tenets of Reverse Wine Snobbery, ""Drink what you like!"" With that, lets get on to the reviews.  All three wines are from California and were released on November 1, 2013. They each have an SRP of $10. Availability is limited currently, but they will be widely distributed and likely available for a couple dollars under the SRP. The wines are produced by Duck Commander - Robertson Family Wines in conjunction with Trinchero Family Estates. All three were samples submitted for review.   First up is the 2012 Duck Commander Miss Priss Pink Moscato which is primarily Moscato with a dash of rosé wine. The wine did not go through malolactic fermentation and was cold fermented and aged in stainless steel. It has a residual sugar of 8.0 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Miss Priss Pink Moscato. Stone fruit aromas, lead to lush flavors of passion fruit with a hint of vanilla.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  10.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Duck Commander Miss Priss Pink Moscato begins with a sweet and fruity aroma of strawberry, raspberry, orange and watermelon Jolly Ranchers along with a lot of honeysuckle. The wine tastes sugary sweet and juicy, perfect for todays sweet Moscato lovers. It features lots of mixed berry flavors along with a hint of tropical fruit balanced by nice acidity. It ends with more sweet notes and good length. This is a crowd pleasing wine that is really easy to drink -- almost too easy actually, its a good thing the alcohol level is only 10%!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Next up is the 2012 Duck Commander Wood Duck Chardonnay, which went through partial malolactic fermentation and was aged sur lie with the majority of the wine spending time in oak and the remainder in stainless steel. It has a residual sugar of 0.9 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Wood Duck Chardonnay. Vibrant tropical fruit aromas, lead to lush flavors of crisp apple and pear.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Duck Commander Wood Duck Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of apple, pear, mango and a little grapefruit. Tasting reveals a very nice all-around, all-purpose Chardonnay. Its mostly fruity but it also features a bit of a spicy streak that adds complexity. Theres a touch of wood and even a hint of butter on the long finish. Another very tasty wine that is sure to be a crowd-pleaser!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Last is the 2011 Duck Commander Triple Threat Red Blend, a blend of Zinfandel, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It has a residual sugar of 1.2 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Triple Threat Red Blend. Fruit forward, silky and soft with fresh ripe, jam-like fruit flavors.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  13.8% Alcohol""The 2011 Duck Commander Triple Threat Red Blend begins with lots of ripe fruit plus caramel and coffee aromas along with a bit of spice. Tasting reveals more ripe fruit, lots of chocolate and caramel notes along with some cherry cola and spice. Its all wrapped up in a smooth texture with soft tannins. It ends with more jammy ripe fruit, good length and sweet oak notes. This wine hits the inexpensive red blend bullseye -- if youre a fan of Apothic Red, Cocobon or the Murphy-Goode Homefront Red youll love it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The verdict? All three wines are very good representations of three popular styles. Theres nothing ground breaking about any of them but they are all executed extremely well and as such I can see these becoming very popular. If you are a fan of any of these styles (and most people are) youll find a lot to like here. In my opinion Duck Commander Wines are the real deal!   Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
557,"   Organic and Under $8.   100% Merlot from Rapel Valley, Chile. Made from organically grown grapes.   Available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Produced by Emiliana Vineyards from 100% organically grown grapes. Organic viticulture brings forth the true character of the vineyard terroir and allows the grapes to express themselves fully. As a result, distinctive flavors emerge, making a remarkably unique and complex wine.  Emiliana is passionate about wine and nature.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Emiliana Natura Merlot begins with aromas of plum, cranberry, sweet blackberry and canned beets (really it brought back memories). The medium-bodied wine tastes smooth, soft and easy to drink. While not overly complex, its quite nice with its mix of blackberry, plum and a little spice. It ends with tart fruit on the surprisingly long finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = { ""id"" : ""5501784"", ""unique_id"" : ""20130929"", ""title"" : ""2011 Emiliana Natura Merlot"", ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/emiliana-natura-merlot.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
558,"   The Poor Mans Pinot Noir or More?  100% Gamay from Beaujolais, France.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy CRT/tanaka for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""There are 38 villages entitled to the name Beaujolais-Villages. This wine is tender, wonderfully fruity with the aroma of fresh grapes and when served slightly chilled will complement most lighter foods.  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the first of several Beaujolais we will be covering here on the site. Beaujolais, as you may know, is made from the Gamay grape. Gamay is a cross between Pinot Noir and a white grape called Gouais. In some ways it could be considered the poor mans Pinot Noir as a generally less expensive, fruitier, and highly drinkable wine; however we also found that it can also stand on its own quite nicely. In addition to being full of fruit and easy to drink it is also extremely food friendly and might even be at its best slightly chilled.  Beaujolais is one of the most vine dense wine regions in the world. Within this very large region there are several appellations. Beaujolais-Villages, like todays wine, is a mid-tier designation that covers a number of small villages in the northern part of the region. In addition to having better soil conditions for growing grapes, the area also has limits as to the maximum yield of grapes from each acre. These limits are about 15% lower than the general Beaujolais designation, which should also increase the quality of the wine. (Beaujolais Cru is the highest level designation and covers just 10 villages in the prime growing region near the Beaujolais mountains, and has an even lower allowable yield.)  The 2011 Georges Duboeuf Beaujolais-Villages begins with aromas of lots of sweet berry fruit (blueberry, raspberry and blackberry). So much so, in fact, that the bouquet reminded me a bit of Sweet Tarts candy. Tasting the wine revealed more juicy sweet berry fruit (mostly strawberry this time) plus a good dose of banana. The tannins are very soft contributing to a nice smooth, silky texture on this light-bodied wine. This wine is very easy to drink and it gets even easier as you go. It ends dry with a medium-short finish. A great pairing for a burger or other everyday food. A really nice, fun, everyday wine!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121029"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Georges Duboeuf Beaujolais-Villages"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/georges-duboeuf-beaujolais-villages.html"" };     Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
559,"  100% Muscat from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Delight in the juicy peach and apricot flavors of Jam Jar Moscato. This bright and cheerful bottling is fabulous for a special occasion toast, yet sweet-natured enough to enjoy every day. Its luscious fruity goodness in every sip!  10% Alcohol""With a name like Jam Jar you should be well aware as to what youre getting yourself into before you even try it, and this wine lives up to its name! Moscato is quite the rage currently, but there are a number of different styles available -- from thick syrupy sweetness to lightly sweet low-alcohol frizzante wines. Todays wine actually splits the difference a bit, although it definitely leans more towards the syrupy sweet side of things.  The 2011 Jam Jar Moscato begins with pleasant and sweet aromas of peach, apricot and a little tropical fruit. The wines tastes syrupy sweet and features more peach and apricot along with orange, mango and pineapple. It also has just the teeny tiniest bit of fizz to add a nice contrast to all that sweetness. Good acidity also helps offset some of the sweetness and keeps it fresh and even slightly crisp. On the finish it turns to more sour tropical fruit flavors which again helps keep the sweetness from overpowering. Really quite a delicious Moscato for those who enjoy a nice juicy sweet wine!  There is also a Jam Jar Sweet Shiraz for the sweet red lovers that we will be trying soon!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120816"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Jam Jar Moscato"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/jam-jar-moscato-2011-truth-in-advertising.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
560,"   A nice pick for white wine drinkers looking to explore red wine.   100% Shiraz from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Sweet perfection...simple, pure, and honest.  Packed with juicy berry flavors and hints of dark chocolate, Jam Jar makes a versatile partner for everything from cheeseburgers to chocolate pudding. Best served slightly chilled, it offers luscious fruity goodness in every sip!  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Jam Jar Sweet Shiraz begins with subdued berry and honey aromas. Tasting the wine reveals strawberry Jolly Ranchers, jammy berry flavors and honey with a hint of spice. Its a sweet wine, but smooth and balanced. It ends with good length and the sweetness continues with a bit of dark chocolate. This is definitely not your typical Shiraz, but thats not a bad thing. Be sure to serve it slightly chilled for the best experience.  Also check out our review of the Jam Jar Moscato 2011 - Truth In Advertising.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130211"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Jam Jar Sweet Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/jam-jar-sweet-shiraz-2011.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
561,"   Plenty good, but its not a pop and pour proposition.   100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  Purchased for $6.99 at Costco.  From the bottle: ""In the heart of Argentinas most important and acclaimed wine producing region lies Mendoza, known as ""the land of sun and wine."" This high-altitude region extends from 2,000 to over 5,000 feet above sea level and is the source of Kirkland Signature Malbec. Intense sunlight and sandy soil, coupled with cool temperatures, result in an extended ripening cycle to balance sugar and acidity. The Malbec is aged for 12 months in oak barrels, adding complexity, balance, and structure to this full-bodied wine. Drink now through 2016.  13.5% Alcohol""Weve long been fans of Kirkland Signature wines but the last time we checked in on the Malbec was the 2009 vintage. Back then we went head over heels for the $8 (at the time) wonder. Since then the price has actually dropped to only $7, but the big question is whether the wine is still good enough to merit a"
562,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Casablanca Valley, Chile.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Los Vascos, one of Chiles oldest wine estates, is managed by Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite), who began a comprehensive modernization and investment program in 1988. The 560 - hectare vineyard is located in the Cañeten valley of the Colchagua province which offers a healthy microclimate for its ungrafted pre-phylioxera Bordeaux rootstock. Under the direct technical supervision of Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite), Los Vascos is committed to producing the finest consistent and balanced wines whose elegance and harmony are to be shared with connaisseurs around the world.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second to last one in our series, and its also one weve tried (and liked) before.   The 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of tropical fruit, peach, and a little gooseberry. Those tropical fruit and peach flavors carryover when tasting the wine along with some orange zest and pineapple. This wine has good minerality and it ends with some tangy tropical fruit that lingers nicely. A nice, easy to drink wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120503"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       Wines in the Chile Coastal Whites series: 2011 Vina Casablanca Nimbus Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild Sauvignon Blanc 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay  Also be sure to check out Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carménère!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
563,"   A bottle of Barbera and a pizza for around 20 bucks? We like it!  Barbera from California.  SRP of $11 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The 2011 Barbera from McManis Family Vineyards is medium ruby in color. Bright, focused, red raspberry is the predominant fruit. However, black fruit and cherry are also found. There is also faint clove contributed from oak aging. The wine is medium bodied, with soft medium tannins. The acidity of the wine amplifies the fruit flavors, and a nice hint of mocha lingers long after the wine has been swallowed.  13.5% Alcohol""Barbera is the third most planted grape in Italy, but its really just beginning to spread to the rest of the world with California leading the way. And while its not uncommon to find Italian grapes such as Barbera grown in California (see here and here), the prices are usually on the high side thanks to the low supply. Todays wine; however, breaks the mold by offering a delicious version of Barbera for under $10.   The winery that brings this to us is no stranger to these pages either. Weve long been fans of the quality wines at extremely reasonable prices that McManis Family Vineyards brings to the table. Wines such as: McManis Family Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - An Everyday Cabernet.  McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2010 - Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20.  McManis Family Vineyards Viognier 2011 - Dont Call It A Comeback.  McManis Zinfandel 2010 - An Easy-Drinking and Well-Balanced Zin.  McManis Family Vineyards Petite Sirah 2010 - Smoky Blackberry and Toffee.  McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2010 - Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec Under $20.  Jack Tone Vineyards Red Wine Bottle Blend 3 Liter Bag In Box - Breaking Into The Box.  Jack Tone Vineyards White Wine Bottle Blend 3 Liter Bag In Box - Breaking Into The Box (Part Two).  Lets see how todays wine compares.  The 2011 McManis Family Vineyards Jamie Lynn Vineyard Barbera begins with a very inviting aroma of raspberry, black cherry and some delicious baking spice. Tasting the wine reveals a medium-bodied, easy to drink wine with soft tannins that features a very nice combo of fruit (raspberry, strawberry and blackberry) and a little spice. The spice comes to the forefront on the lengthy finish and the fruit flavors turn more to cranberry. This wine is sure to please and would make a great pairing for a pizza!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121128"",  ""title"" : ""2011 McManis Family Vineyards Barbera"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/mcmanis-family-vineyards-barbera-2011.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
564,"   A standout in the crowd of under $10 Pinot Grigio.   Pinot Grigio from California.  SRP of $10 and available widely for around $8. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The 2011 Pinot Grigio from McManis Family Vineyards is pale straw in color. The nose is filled with grapefruit and lemon, which are joined by subtle notes of melon, pear and flint. The wine is rich, yet retains a remarkable crispness. As eluded to in the nose, citrus flavors are abundant, and mingle with pear and apple. The finish is clean, full of fruit and leaves you wanting another drink.  The majority of fruit for our 2011 Pinot Grigio came from our River Junction vineyard. Our Pinot Grigio is picked fairly early in the ripening process in order to encourage citrus flavors and acid balance. The grapes are picked at night so they come to the winery cold. After crushing, the resulting must is pressed immediately and the wine is cold fermented in stainless steel until dry.   11.5% Alcohol""The 2011 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Grigio begins with pleasant aromas of grapefruit, lemon and slate plus a hint of honeysuckle. The wine tastes fresh and clean with lots of citrus and pear plus a little honey. A nice thick texture, good balance and good acidity make this wine stand out from the crowd of $10 and under Pinot Grigio. It ends with lots of lingering lemon as well as some long lasting slate notes. This one is hard to beat for the price!  Other recommended wines from McManis Family Vineyards: McManis Family Vineyards Barbera 2011 - A Little Bit of Italy Right Here in America.  McManis Family Vineyards Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - An Everyday Cabernet.  McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2010 - Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20.  McManis Family Vineyards Viognier 2011 - Dont Call It A Comeback.  McManis Zinfandel 2010 - An Easy-Drinking and Well-Balanced Zin.  McManis Family Vineyards Petite Sirah 2010 - Smoky Blackberry and Toffee.  McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2010 - Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec Under $20.  Jack Tone Vineyards Red Wine Bottle Blend 3 Liter Bag In Box - Breaking Into The Box.  Jack Tone Vineyards White Wine Bottle Blend 3 Liter Bag In Box - Breaking Into The Box (Part Two).   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130212"",  ""title"" : ""2011 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/mcmanis-family-vineyards-pinot-grigio.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
565,"  100% Pinot Grigio from California.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Trinchero Family Estates for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Oh, the sensual delights of Pinot Grigio! The zesty aromas, the crisp citrus flavors and vibrant finish! The excitement may almost be too much for your palate to bear. Almost.  Is there any other wine that so brilliantly expresses pure sunshine? Made from premium California grapes, our Pinot Grigio is pale yellow, with delicate aromas and vivid fruit flavors that surrender to a refreshing finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is a brand new one in the Menage a Trois brand, which of course began with their red blend. The line now includes several single varietals including a Chardonnay and Moscato introduced a while back and a Cabernet Sauvignon and todays wine, the Pinot Grigio, just launched in March.  For this wine Menage a Trois cold fermented the grapes in steel tanks and did not put the wine through malolactic fermentation, a process which converts malic acid to lactic acid and usually results in a softer, richer, more buttery wine. A great choice, if you ask me, as the result is a really fresh, crisp and juicy Pinot Grigio.  The 2011 Menage a Trois Pinot Grigio begins with lots of fresh, zesty, citrus and tropical fruit aromas. A very fruity and very nice bouquet. The wine tastes of crisp, juicy fruit and has good acidity. The zesty fruit carries over from the bouquet when tasting this very easy to drink and satisfying wine. The fruity finish has good length. Simply a really flavorful Pinot Grigio.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120531"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Menage a Trois Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
566,"   The Uncomplicated Life.   95% Sangiovese and 5% Ciliegiolo from Chianti, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $9 and available for as low as $7.50. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This traditional favorite starts soft on the palate and finishes with clean, delicate fruit. Great with a variety of dishes.  13.0% Alcohol""Today we have our second $8 Italian Red and our first Chianti in this series. As we mentioned yesterday, not only are we highlighting inexpensive Italian red wines this week, our friends at Marketview Liquor are offering you a great deal on each wine -- free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match). And the good news is that besides yesterdays and todays delicious wines, we still have four more to go! (If you want to make sure you dont miss out on any of the wines, I recommend that you subscribe to our daily email.)  Theres nothing wrong with keeping things uncomplicated and thats just what todays wine does -- and in doing so highlights whats good about Chianti. The 2011 Piccini Chianti begins with a simple but fruity aroma of cherry and other red berries as well as a few floral notes. Youll probably want to give this one some time to breathe as it develops a bit more with some time in the glass. Tasting reveals a fresh, fruity and savory wine with soft tannins and good acidity. This would make one heck of a nice pizza wine. On the medium length finish the black cherry fruit turns a bit sour and a little spicy black pepper comes through as well. Sometimes keeping things simple is the best thing you can do!  This deal is now expired! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox and catch our next promotion!  Buy The Piccini Chianti At Marketview Liquor With Free Shipping! Orders of 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 4/1 (EST). Wine in the $8 Italian Reds Series! Wine #1: Banfi Col Di Sasso Toscana 2010 - One Tasty and Food Flexible Tuscan. Wine #2: Piccini Chianti 2011 - The Uncomplicated Life.   Wine #3: Tormaresca Neprica 2010 - A rich, chewy, fruity bomb of goodness.  Wine #4: Vitiano Rosso 2010 - Cheap and Easy.  Wine #5: Coltibuono Cetamura Chianti 2011 - The perfect Friday night pizza wine!  Wine #6: Saladini Pilastri Rosso Piceno 2010 - Saving the best for last!   Cant receive wine shipments in your state? See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130326"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Piccini Chianti"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/piccini-chianti-italian-reds.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.   This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.   Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach over 35,000 wine loving unique visitors a month!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
567,"   Six revealing wines show Bulgaria has a lot of value to offer.   The Vini ""Veni, Vidi, Vici"" Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Rosé, Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc from the Thracian Valley, Bulgaria.  Today we have six wines imported by Bulgarian Master Vintners, and while Bulgaria may not be the first country to come to mind when you think of wine, there are a lot of surprisingly good things happening these days in the old Eastern Bloc countries. (In fact well be checking out some of these things first hand in Slovenia in a few weeks.) Lets take a look at these six, which all sell for well under $10.   From the bottles: ""Since we havent seen you in Bulgaria lately, weve brought you some of the finest local flavors. Indulge in this ancient grape growing region. Historically a purveyor to Rome, its a focal point of todays pioneering winemakers.  All wines are 12.5% - 13.0% alcohol."" First up is the 2011 VINI Pinot Noir, which has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Pinot Noir begins with aromas of red cherry, a bit of a green component and a hint of chocolate. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals bright fruit (mostly red and black cherry) along with a bit of black tea that flows into the medium long finish which also features some smoky tobacco notes at the very end. Tasty and easy to drink.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Up next is the 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon which has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of red berry and red cherry. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth drinker featuring sweet fruit and soft tannins. Youll also find a little black pepper and black tea. It ends with sour fruit on the medium length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2009 VINI Merlot. It has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Merlot begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry and a little bit of smoky spice. This medium to full-bodied wine is quite easy to drink and features dark fruit with a bit of sweet tart candy. It also has soft, and even a bit dusty, tannins. The fruit turns rather sour on the medium length, dry finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fourth is the 2011 VINI Rosé, a blend of 60% Pinot Noir and 40% Syrah. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.   The 2011 VINI Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry and tomato. The wine tastes zesty and fresh with very nice minerality. Its not sweet, but has plenty of good fruit and good length on the finish. A nice dry rosé at a fabulous price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2011 VINI Chardonnay. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of lemon zest, apple and pear. The wine tastes nice and crisp -- theres no overbearing oak or butter in this light, refreshing wine. Flavors of pineapple, a little zesty lemon and apple with some underlying minerality help make this wine a good match for seafood. It ends crisp and dry.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $7. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of apple, lime and maybe a touch of cinnamon and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals really light flavors, good acidity and no grassiness or herbaceousness. This is a quaffer for a hot day and should appeal to mass market Pinot Grigio lovers. It ends crisp and clean with surprising length.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
568,"   Six revealing wines show Bulgaria has a lot of value to offer.   The Vini ""Veni, Vidi, Vici"" Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Rosé, Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc from the Thracian Valley, Bulgaria.  Today we have six wines imported by Bulgarian Master Vintners, and while Bulgaria may not be the first country to come to mind when you think of wine, there are a lot of surprisingly good things happening these days in the old Eastern Bloc countries. (In fact well be checking out some of these things first hand in Slovenia in a few weeks.) Lets take a look at these six, which all sell for well under $10.   From the bottles: ""Since we havent seen you in Bulgaria lately, weve brought you some of the finest local flavors. Indulge in this ancient grape growing region. Historically a purveyor to Rome, its a focal point of todays pioneering winemakers.  All wines are 12.5% - 13.0% alcohol."" First up is the 2011 VINI Pinot Noir, which has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Pinot Noir begins with aromas of red cherry, a bit of a green component and a hint of chocolate. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals bright fruit (mostly red and black cherry) along with a bit of black tea that flows into the medium long finish which also features some smoky tobacco notes at the very end. Tasty and easy to drink.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Up next is the 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon which has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of red berry and red cherry. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth drinker featuring sweet fruit and soft tannins. Youll also find a little black pepper and black tea. It ends with sour fruit on the medium length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2009 VINI Merlot. It has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Merlot begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry and a little bit of smoky spice. This medium to full-bodied wine is quite easy to drink and features dark fruit with a bit of sweet tart candy. It also has soft, and even a bit dusty, tannins. The fruit turns rather sour on the medium length, dry finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fourth is the 2011 VINI Rosé, a blend of 60% Pinot Noir and 40% Syrah. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.   The 2011 VINI Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry and tomato. The wine tastes zesty and fresh with very nice minerality. Its not sweet, but has plenty of good fruit and good length on the finish. A nice dry rosé at a fabulous price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2011 VINI Chardonnay. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of lemon zest, apple and pear. The wine tastes nice and crisp -- theres no overbearing oak or butter in this light, refreshing wine. Flavors of pineapple, a little zesty lemon and apple with some underlying minerality help make this wine a good match for seafood. It ends crisp and dry.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $7. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of apple, lime and maybe a touch of cinnamon and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals really light flavors, good acidity and no grassiness or herbaceousness. This is a quaffer for a hot day and should appeal to mass market Pinot Grigio lovers. It ends crisp and clean with surprising length.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
569,"   Six revealing wines show Bulgaria has a lot of value to offer.   The Vini ""Veni, Vidi, Vici"" Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Rosé, Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc from the Thracian Valley, Bulgaria.  Today we have six wines imported by Bulgarian Master Vintners, and while Bulgaria may not be the first country to come to mind when you think of wine, there are a lot of surprisingly good things happening these days in the old Eastern Bloc countries. (In fact well be checking out some of these things first hand in Slovenia in a few weeks.) Lets take a look at these six, which all sell for well under $10.   From the bottles: ""Since we havent seen you in Bulgaria lately, weve brought you some of the finest local flavors. Indulge in this ancient grape growing region. Historically a purveyor to Rome, its a focal point of todays pioneering winemakers.  All wines are 12.5% - 13.0% alcohol."" First up is the 2011 VINI Pinot Noir, which has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Pinot Noir begins with aromas of red cherry, a bit of a green component and a hint of chocolate. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals bright fruit (mostly red and black cherry) along with a bit of black tea that flows into the medium long finish which also features some smoky tobacco notes at the very end. Tasty and easy to drink.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Up next is the 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon which has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of red berry and red cherry. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth drinker featuring sweet fruit and soft tannins. Youll also find a little black pepper and black tea. It ends with sour fruit on the medium length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2009 VINI Merlot. It has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Merlot begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry and a little bit of smoky spice. This medium to full-bodied wine is quite easy to drink and features dark fruit with a bit of sweet tart candy. It also has soft, and even a bit dusty, tannins. The fruit turns rather sour on the medium length, dry finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fourth is the 2011 VINI Rosé, a blend of 60% Pinot Noir and 40% Syrah. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.   The 2011 VINI Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry and tomato. The wine tastes zesty and fresh with very nice minerality. Its not sweet, but has plenty of good fruit and good length on the finish. A nice dry rosé at a fabulous price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2011 VINI Chardonnay. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of lemon zest, apple and pear. The wine tastes nice and crisp -- theres no overbearing oak or butter in this light, refreshing wine. Flavors of pineapple, a little zesty lemon and apple with some underlying minerality help make this wine a good match for seafood. It ends crisp and dry.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $7. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of apple, lime and maybe a touch of cinnamon and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals really light flavors, good acidity and no grassiness or herbaceousness. This is a quaffer for a hot day and should appeal to mass market Pinot Grigio lovers. It ends crisp and clean with surprising length.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
570,"   Our latest Costco find...tasty California Cab for about 8 bucks!  76% Cabernet Sauvignon, 13% Syrah, 7% Zinfandel and 4% Merlot sourced from Napa Valley, Lodi, Paso Robles and Monterey County, California.  SRP of $12 and available widely for as low as $7-$8, including at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Avalon Winery produces only Cabernet Sauvignon. CAB is made from grapes grown in vineyards from appellations with optimum growing conditions for Cabernet and then aged a minimum of eight months in French and American oak barrels.   C - Complex dark berry fruit flavors. A - Aromatic anise, spice and vanilla. B - Barrel aged for richness and toastiness.  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Avalon CAB begins with a pleasant and fruity aroma of blackberry and plum plus a little spice. Taking a sip reveals quite a tasty wine with lots of jammy and ripe dark berry fruit, nice oaky spice and touches of vanilla. The fruit turns a bit sweet and tart leading into the long finish of lingering spice. This one doesnt have quite have the complexity of the Avalon Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon that received our highest"
571,"   The Evolution of the Black Box.   78% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Syrah, 5% Petite Sirah, 3% Malbec, 1% Cabernet Franc, 1% Merlot and 2% other red varieties from Central Coast, California.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $26. Sample submitted for review.  From the box: ""Black Box Platinum symbolizes our devotion to crafting high-quality wines of superior value. We source from only the finest growing regions to create intense fruit flavors, exceptional texture and unparalleled elegance.   Smooth and enticing with ripe cherry, blackberry and toasty oak flavors and a lengthy finish. This wine comes from the Central Coast, a premier appellation known for its perfect blend of cooling fog, wind and warm sun.   13.6% Alcohol""One of the original mass market boxes, the evolution of the Black Box is a fascinating look at the economics behind boxed wines. When the Black Box Cabernet was first introduced it was sourced from Paso Robles, California. As demand grew that sourcing was changed to all of California. Then just a few years ago that sourcing was changed again, but this time to the Central Valley of Chile. None of this is necessarily bad (Chile makes some really excellent Cabernet Sauvignon) but it demonstrates an issue that all box wines must face -- how do you maintain quality and supply in a growing market while still maintaining your price point? Vintages vary every year, sometimes drastically, but demand does not.  One solution to this is to do exactly what Black Box did and try to maintain a high level of quality by changing the sourcing of their grapes. Another solution would be to raise prices. As it turns out, Black Box has, in a way, now done both. Those wistfully longing for the days California Cabernet in their Black Box will happy to see the new Platinum Series of wines from the Central Coast of California. Priced at $5 more than the normal Black Box (SRP of $29.99 versus $24.99) the wines are available in Colorado and Minnesota initially with a nationwide roll-out in the near future. Lets take a look at how the Cabernet tastes, shall we?  The 2012 Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon begins with very pleasant aromas of plum, black cherry, some lovely spice, a hint of mint and a bit of cigar box. Tasting reveals sweet, rich, and ripe blackberry with nice touches of spice and cola. Youll also find a nice smooth texture and a bit of toasty oak, but this wine is driven by the rich dark berry fruit. Normally I prefer completely dry wines and like a lot of reds in boxes this one is slightly sweet (6.2g/L of residual sugar) but it really works. It ends long with lots of lingering blackberry and touches of vanilla. This is really quite yummy stuff!   The only question that remains is whether they can maintain the quality of the wine as they increase the supply for a national roll-out. For that well have to wait and see but in the meantime if you can get your hands on the 2012 vintage I recommend it, especially at the equivalent of about $6.50 per bottle! (And stay tuned, well be reviewing the normal Black Box Cabernet from Chile later in this series.)  Recommended selections in our series on The Best Box Wines: Vinchio-Vaglio Serra Piemonte Barbera Big House White Blend Alain Jaume & Fils Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone Reserve Black Box Platinum Central Coast Cabernet Sauvignon  Esporao Alandra White  Vina Borgia Garnacha  The Original House Wine Riesling  Esporao Alandra Red  La Petite Frog Picpoul De Pinet  Pepperwood Grove The Big Green Box Pinot Noir  Target Wine Cube Sauvignon Blanc  La Vieille Ferme Vin Rouge  Duca Del Frassino Garganega/Pinot Grigio  Wineberry Domaine de Garrigon Cotes du Rhone  Lieb Cellars Bridge Lane White Blend  Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese  Jack Tone Vineyards White Blend  See the full list of all 75 boxes considered here.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141020"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Black Box Platinum Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/the-best-box-wines-black-box-platinum-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
572," [Check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     2012 Dr. Beckermann Piesporter Michelsberg Spatlese Riesling and the Espiral Vinho Verde.   Trader Joes week continues with a couple inexpensive, refreshing and enjoyable white wines!   First up is the 2012 Dr. Beckermann Piesporter Michelsberg Spatlese Riesling from Mosel, Germany. This one was purchased for $6.99. 9.0% Alcohol.  The 2012 Dr. Beckermann Piesporter Michelsberg Spatlese Riesling begins with aromas of green apple, honey and some pleasant floral notes. The wine tastes simple and relatively sweet but it doesnt overdo it. This is a very easy to drink wine that would make a good aperitif or a nice pairing for spicy food. It could use a bit more acidity but it has really nice flavor. The low alcohol percent is also rather refreshing. It ends with a surprisingly long finish. When you break down the parts of this wine its not all that impressive yet I couldnt help but enjoy it. This would be great wine for the end of a long, hot day on the porch!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Next up is the Espiral Vinho Verde, a non-vintage wine from Portugal. This one goes for the low, low price of just $4.49. 9.0% Alcohol.  The Espiral Vinho Verde begins with lots of citrus on the nose, as well as some bread dough aromas. Drinking this wine is honestly a bit like having a 7-Up or Sprite thanks to all the bubbles and tons of citrus flavors. Still its crisp and refreshing and in the right situation it would certainly hit the spot. This is 90+ degree wine!     Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Wine in the Trader Joes Week series: Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #1.  Plus The Trader Joes Pricing Strategy Revealed!  Cheap and Refreshing White Wines - Trader Joes Week Wines #2 and #3 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana 2009 - Trader Joes Week Wine #4. A perfect partner for a pizza! Pontificis GSM Blend 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #5. A GSM blend for the masses!  Brunello and Barbaresco On The Cheap - Trader Joes Week Wines #6 and #7. The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  TJs Classics - Trader Joes Week Wines #8, #9 and #10. The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.  Also be sure to check our Costco Week series for another source of great, inexpensive and widely available wine!  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
573," More Marketing Gone Wild Or The Real Deal?     The Miss Priss Pink Moscato, Wood Duck Chardonnay and Triple Threat Red Blend.   When I first heard about these Duck Commander Wines my thoughts were similar to the first time I heard about the Wine For Dummies brand wines: ""Is this just a marketing gimmick or are these wines the real deal?"" Before we get to that question, lets be clear about what were dealing with here. These are wines with mass market appeal. As Willie Robertson stated upon the launch of the wines: ""Yuppie folks aint the only ones who can enjoy good wine. This is good wine for good people, and its made by good people.""These are not wines for wine aficionados trying to add to their grape count, but they are what I would call stepping stone wines. In other words, wines that bring new wine drinkers into the market, some of which will go on to become drinkers of wines with much less mass market appeal. Either way, as we declared in our Ten Tenets of Reverse Wine Snobbery, ""Drink what you like!"" With that, lets get on to the reviews.  All three wines are from California and were released on November 1, 2013. They each have an SRP of $10. Availability is limited currently, but they will be widely distributed and likely available for a couple dollars under the SRP. The wines are produced by Duck Commander - Robertson Family Wines in conjunction with Trinchero Family Estates. All three were samples submitted for review.   First up is the 2012 Duck Commander Miss Priss Pink Moscato which is primarily Moscato with a dash of rosé wine. The wine did not go through malolactic fermentation and was cold fermented and aged in stainless steel. It has a residual sugar of 8.0 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Miss Priss Pink Moscato. Stone fruit aromas, lead to lush flavors of passion fruit with a hint of vanilla.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  10.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Duck Commander Miss Priss Pink Moscato begins with a sweet and fruity aroma of strawberry, raspberry, orange and watermelon Jolly Ranchers along with a lot of honeysuckle. The wine tastes sugary sweet and juicy, perfect for todays sweet Moscato lovers. It features lots of mixed berry flavors along with a hint of tropical fruit balanced by nice acidity. It ends with more sweet notes and good length. This is a crowd pleasing wine that is really easy to drink -- almost too easy actually, its a good thing the alcohol level is only 10%!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Next up is the 2012 Duck Commander Wood Duck Chardonnay, which went through partial malolactic fermentation and was aged sur lie with the majority of the wine spending time in oak and the remainder in stainless steel. It has a residual sugar of 0.9 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Wood Duck Chardonnay. Vibrant tropical fruit aromas, lead to lush flavors of crisp apple and pear.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Duck Commander Wood Duck Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of apple, pear, mango and a little grapefruit. Tasting reveals a very nice all-around, all-purpose Chardonnay. Its mostly fruity but it also features a bit of a spicy streak that adds complexity. Theres a touch of wood and even a hint of butter on the long finish. Another very tasty wine that is sure to be a crowd-pleaser!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Last is the 2011 Duck Commander Triple Threat Red Blend, a blend of Zinfandel, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It has a residual sugar of 1.2 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Triple Threat Red Blend. Fruit forward, silky and soft with fresh ripe, jam-like fruit flavors.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  13.8% Alcohol""The 2011 Duck Commander Triple Threat Red Blend begins with lots of ripe fruit plus caramel and coffee aromas along with a bit of spice. Tasting reveals more ripe fruit, lots of chocolate and caramel notes along with some cherry cola and spice. Its all wrapped up in a smooth texture with soft tannins. It ends with more jammy ripe fruit, good length and sweet oak notes. This wine hits the inexpensive red blend bullseye -- if youre a fan of Apothic Red, Cocobon or the Murphy-Goode Homefront Red youll love it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The verdict? All three wines are very good representations of three popular styles. Theres nothing ground breaking about any of them but they are all executed extremely well and as such I can see these becoming very popular. If you are a fan of any of these styles (and most people are) youll find a lot to like here. In my opinion Duck Commander Wines are the real deal!   Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
574," More Marketing Gone Wild Or The Real Deal?     The Miss Priss Pink Moscato, Wood Duck Chardonnay and Triple Threat Red Blend.   When I first heard about these Duck Commander Wines my thoughts were similar to the first time I heard about the Wine For Dummies brand wines: ""Is this just a marketing gimmick or are these wines the real deal?"" Before we get to that question, lets be clear about what were dealing with here. These are wines with mass market appeal. As Willie Robertson stated upon the launch of the wines: ""Yuppie folks aint the only ones who can enjoy good wine. This is good wine for good people, and its made by good people.""These are not wines for wine aficionados trying to add to their grape count, but they are what I would call stepping stone wines. In other words, wines that bring new wine drinkers into the market, some of which will go on to become drinkers of wines with much less mass market appeal. Either way, as we declared in our Ten Tenets of Reverse Wine Snobbery, ""Drink what you like!"" With that, lets get on to the reviews.  All three wines are from California and were released on November 1, 2013. They each have an SRP of $10. Availability is limited currently, but they will be widely distributed and likely available for a couple dollars under the SRP. The wines are produced by Duck Commander - Robertson Family Wines in conjunction with Trinchero Family Estates. All three were samples submitted for review.   First up is the 2012 Duck Commander Miss Priss Pink Moscato which is primarily Moscato with a dash of rosé wine. The wine did not go through malolactic fermentation and was cold fermented and aged in stainless steel. It has a residual sugar of 8.0 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Miss Priss Pink Moscato. Stone fruit aromas, lead to lush flavors of passion fruit with a hint of vanilla.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  10.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Duck Commander Miss Priss Pink Moscato begins with a sweet and fruity aroma of strawberry, raspberry, orange and watermelon Jolly Ranchers along with a lot of honeysuckle. The wine tastes sugary sweet and juicy, perfect for todays sweet Moscato lovers. It features lots of mixed berry flavors along with a hint of tropical fruit balanced by nice acidity. It ends with more sweet notes and good length. This is a crowd pleasing wine that is really easy to drink -- almost too easy actually, its a good thing the alcohol level is only 10%!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Next up is the 2012 Duck Commander Wood Duck Chardonnay, which went through partial malolactic fermentation and was aged sur lie with the majority of the wine spending time in oak and the remainder in stainless steel. It has a residual sugar of 0.9 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Wood Duck Chardonnay. Vibrant tropical fruit aromas, lead to lush flavors of crisp apple and pear.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Duck Commander Wood Duck Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of apple, pear, mango and a little grapefruit. Tasting reveals a very nice all-around, all-purpose Chardonnay. Its mostly fruity but it also features a bit of a spicy streak that adds complexity. Theres a touch of wood and even a hint of butter on the long finish. Another very tasty wine that is sure to be a crowd-pleaser!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Last is the 2011 Duck Commander Triple Threat Red Blend, a blend of Zinfandel, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon. It has a residual sugar of 1.2 gm/100ml.  From the bottle: ""The Robertsons, of TVs Duck Dynasty fame, live out the American Dream while staying true to their rugged outdoorsman lifestyle and Southern roots. This wildly successful Louisiana bayou family has remained grounded in what matters; God, family and friends, good food and fun.  Pair your good times with The Robertsons Triple Threat Red Blend. Fruit forward, silky and soft with fresh ripe, jam-like fruit flavors.  From our family to yours. -- Willie Robertson  13.8% Alcohol""The 2011 Duck Commander Triple Threat Red Blend begins with lots of ripe fruit plus caramel and coffee aromas along with a bit of spice. Tasting reveals more ripe fruit, lots of chocolate and caramel notes along with some cherry cola and spice. Its all wrapped up in a smooth texture with soft tannins. It ends with more jammy ripe fruit, good length and sweet oak notes. This wine hits the inexpensive red blend bullseye -- if youre a fan of Apothic Red, Cocobon or the Murphy-Goode Homefront Red youll love it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The verdict? All three wines are very good representations of three popular styles. Theres nothing ground breaking about any of them but they are all executed extremely well and as such I can see these becoming very popular. If you are a fan of any of these styles (and most people are) youll find a lot to like here. In my opinion Duck Commander Wines are the real deal!   Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
575,"   A soft and silky Malbec and a thirst-quenching Torrontes for under $10.   Malbec and Torrontes represent the two signature wines of Argentina among red and white varietals respectively. And while the signature grapes of many other regions often sell for a hefty premium (Pinot Noir from Oregon or Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa Valley for example), not so for Argentina where you can find excellent examples like todays wines at a very low price, even under $10. To that we say, ""Salve Argentina!"" (Long Live Argentina!)  Todays pair of wines come from Valentin Bianchi, a family owned winery in Argentina that has been around since 1928. The winery produces many different labels, all from their vineyards in San Rafael in Mendoza. The grapes for both of todays selections come from the winerys Dona Elsa Estate in the Rama Caida area of San Rafael that sits at about 2,500 feet above sea level.    First up is the 2012 Elsa Bianchi Malbec. It has an SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. It is imported by Quintessential Wines. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This unique Malbec was created by our expert winemakers, who harvest selected grapes from vines that have produced consistent, high-quality yields year after year. Elsa Bianchi varietals have been carefully vinified, with each bottle achieving the special character for which these wines are now known.  Description: The classic Malbec aromas of ripe plum and violets are evident in the nose, with hints of vanilla. The Malbec in Argentina is its ability to combine a rich weighty mouth-feel with a soft silkiness. This wine impresses, with pleasing fruit that mimics the aromas.  14.1% Alcohol""The 2012 Elsa Bianchi Malbec begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum and a little vanilla. Honestly, this one was a little out of sorts when it was first popped and poured, but with a little air it quickly transforms. Abundant juicy blackberry and cola, super soft tannins and a silky smooth mouthfeel are a few of the things youll find. The medium length finish on this easy drinking Malbec features lots more cola notes and juicy fruit.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Next up is the 2012 Elsa Bianchi Torrontes. It has an SRP of $12 and available for as low as $9. It is imported by Quintessential Wines. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This unique Torrontes was created by our expert winemakers, who harvest selected grapes from vines that have produced consistent, high-quality yields year after year. Elsa Bianchi varietals have been carefully vinified, with each bottle achieving the special character for which these wines are now known.  Description: The Torrontes aromas exhibit a pleasing degree and nice complexity. Well-integrated scents of grapefruit, spice, orange blossom and apple are evident. On the palate, a refreshing mouth-feel with flavors similar to the aromas and a clean, bright finish.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Elsa Bianchi Torrontes begins with aromas of grapefruit, honey, nectarine and a few floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals a nice lively texture plus zesty citrus, a bit of tropical fruit and some nice mineral notes underneath. It ends very crisp and clean with lingering grapefruit notes that last for a long time. A very nice, very tasty and very refreshing wine!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
576," A Reverse Wine Snob Certified Summertime Sipper™    It wont blow your socks off but for only $8 this is one heck of a nice, refreshing rosé!   67% Syrah and 33% Mourvedre from Vin de Pays de la Mediterranee, Provence, France.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8 for the 750ml bottles. Also comes in 1.5L and 3L bottles. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Jean-Luc Colombo has forged an international reputation as one of the most visionary and imaginative winemakers in Frances Rhone Valley and especially in Cornas. My passion is to create wines that give people pleasure. I want each glass to be like a song praising the simple but important things in life: observing nature, enjoying food and sharing with others.  Cape Bleue comes from a place near Marseille. The vines grow on calcareous rocks overlooking the Mediterranean Sea and a landscape composed of peaceful olive trees and the garrique. This dry Rosé, blend of Syrah and Mourvedre, has complex flavors of fresh raspberries, cherries, a hint of black olive and finishes with an elegant touch of freshness and spice. Serve with a wide range of fish, poultry and vegetarian fare or as simply as an aperitif at a cafe terrace by the waters edge!  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is another in our new line of Reverse Wine Snob Certified Summertime Sippers™ (Trademark pending indefinitely ;). Summertime sippers come in many different shapes and sizes, but they hold one thing in common - they are perfect for relaxing on the patio at the end of hot and sunny day. Some of the others weve highlighted recently include:  Domaine du Tariquet Classic Cotes de Gascogne 2011 - A Classic Summertime Sipper Crios Torrontes and Rose of Malbec - More Scrumptious Summertime Sippers Albarino - Made For Summertime Sipping on the Patio Top 10 White Wines Under $20 - Summer 2013 Edition  Add todays wine to the list.  The 2012 Jean-Luc Colombo Cape Bleue Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, peach and watermelon. The wine tastes simple and very easy to drink with more strawberry and watermelon flavors along with some juicy cherry. Youll also find good acidity and balance. The fruit flavors turn tart and savory at the end and theres also a bit of saltiness on the surprisingly long finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130715"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Jean-Luc Colombo Cape Bleue Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/jean-luc-colombo-cape-bleue-rose.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
577,"   A tasty and very affordable Rhone blend of Grenache and Syrah.   Dont miss the release of our 2014 Ultimate Gift Guide for Wine Lovers! 60% Grenache and 40% Syrah from Cotes du Rhone, France.   SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Imported by Robert Walter Selections. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Style: A medium-bodied red with a rich and spicy bouquet of red berries, soft and ripe tannins lead to a warm finish.  Terroir: Climate and terroir of the Rhone Valley are excellent for Syrah and Grenache. This wine has intense fruit aromas and flavours.  Degustation: This wine is perfect with grilled or roasted meats, tomato based pasta dishes, cheese or enjoy just on its own.  13% Alcohol""The 2012 Lavau Cotes du Rhone Rouge begins with a pleasant aroma of strawberry, raspberry, black cherry and a little peppery spice. The medium-bodied wine is very easy to drink with plenty of tasty fruit balanced by more peppery spice. The wine is aged in stainless steel tanks so the fruit really shines through as there are no added flavors from oak aging. It ends dry and medium long with lingering spice and dark fruit. Perhaps a bit simple but very well done and quite satisfying, this wine is well worth the $10 price tag. Its also refreshing to see a Cotes du Rhone wine with a distinctive and memorable label which unfortunately isnt all that common on other French wines.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141204"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Lavau Cotes du Rhone Rouge"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/lavau-cotes-du-rhone-rouge.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
578,"   Pinot Noir with character for under $10!   Pinot Noir from Central Coast, California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. 10,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The 39th parallel runs through the heart of California wine country and is home to Line 39. Here we craft wines expressive of their dynamic region.  ""The Central Coast of California is the perfect growing region for my style of Pinot Noir. Rich flavors of berries and cherries with soft tannins. Discover the Central Coast like I did. Salut!"" --Bob Broman, winemaker  14.5% Alcohol""Real Pinot for under $10? Dont think its possible? Think again! As we outlined in our Pinot Noir For The 99 post a few weeks back, finding great tasting Pinot Noir under $20 (much less $10) can be a challenge. Lucky for us its not impossible and this inaugural release from Line 39 gives Reverse Wine Snobs another great option.  The 2012 Line 39 Pinot Noir begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry, earth and a hint of rhubarb. This medium-bodied wine is really easy to drink and smooth with similar flavors to the nose plus a nice layer of spice. Its a bit rustic (or maybe just rough around the edges), but that helps give the wine some nice character versus being artificially smooth. The medium-long finish is lightly spicy and strawberry notes linger pleasantly in the mouth. Proof you dont have to spend a lot on your Pinot Noir to get the real thing!  Also be sure to check out our reviews of these other excellent wines from Line 39: Line 39 North Coast Petite Sirah 2010 - A Party Essential. Line 39 Sauvignon Blanc Lake County 2010 - A Delightfully Good Wine That Wont Bust Your Budget.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131022"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Line 39 Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/line-39-pinot-noir.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
579,"   A heck of a good wine for only $8.   100% Tempranillo from Castilla VT, Castilla La Mancha, Spain.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Freixenet USA.   From the bottle: ""Tempranillo (temp-rah-NEE-yo) is Spains indelible stamp on the world of wine. The heart of Tapena Tempranillo can be found at night in the winding, noisy, old streets of Madrid. Bars and penas (clubs), filled to standing room only, serve local wines and tapas, and everyone has a fork.  Tapena Tempranillo is like Spains famous guitarists, bold yet graceful. This deep purple wine has flavors and aromas of juicy red berries, black cherries and a hint of chocolate that rise from the glass. The smooth finish is rounded with silky tannins. Tapena Tempranillo plays best with grilled lamb skewers, garlic prawns, and broiled salmon. Salud!  13.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Tapena Vino de la Tierra de Castilla Tempranillo begins with pleasant aromas of earth, a little bit of green (pyrazine), plum and a hint of tobacco. Tasting reveals a perfectly pleasant wine featuring blackberry, plum, lavender and dark chocolate. It also has a dry, grippy texture that is still smooth and easy to drink. It ends dry with lingering tart blackberry flavors. Nicely balanced and a heck of a good wine for only $8!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140305"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Tapena Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/tapena-tempranillo.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
580,"   A whos who list of the best dry rosé under $12: the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé, the 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé, the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé, the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé, the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé and the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec.   If youve read The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time you know that one of our favorite things when temperatures get hot is popping open a wonderfully refreshing dry rosé. I also know that there are still many of you hesitant to give these wines a try, scarred from your experiences with White Zinfandel. If you suffer from PTWZD (Post Traumatic White Zinfandel Disorder) were here today with six of our favorite dry rosés under $12, each sealed with The Reverse Wine Snob guarantee of refreshment.  [THIS DEAL IS NOW EXPIRED! Subscribe to our daily email to make sure you dont miss the next one!] Better yet, our friends at Marketview Liquor are so committed to helping you recover from PTWZD that theyre not only offering some of the best prices on the internet on these wines, but also FREE SHIPPING on all orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight) for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob! So read on, enjoy and recover...   Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  First up is the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé from South Australia (Barossa, Wrattonbully and Adelaide Hills). It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Yalumba Y Series of Quality Wines Salutes Our Proud History of Viticulture and Winemaking in South Australia.  Significantly, the individual icons on each label reflect the labours, inventive thinking and aspirations of all at Yalumba.   This Sangiovese Rosé depicts the butterfly. The butterfly represents the lifecycle approach to our sustainable winemaking practices, leaving nothing to chance when protecting the essential elements of the environment. A summer drink of berries and cherries with a hint of cinnamon.  Vegan and vegetarian friendly.  12% Alcohol""The 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry, watermelon, a little apple and some floral notes. Drinking reveals a tasty and fresh wine full of citrus and apple plus more strawberry, raspberry and watermelon. The fruit flavors are a bit zesty with nice light touches of spice and a good mouthfeel. It ends with a very satisfying, dry, medium length finish. This one clocks in at just 2.8 grams/liter of residual sugar.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Second is the 2012 Las Rocas de San Alejandro Garnacha Rosé which is 100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain. It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $10 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Continental climate (dry summers and cold winters). Chalky-calcareous and rocky soil. Mountainous area with altitudes from 600 to 1000m. Vineyards between 40 to 60 years old bush trained with natural drainage and an average yield of 3500 kg/ha.  An attractive strawberry pink colour with violet hues. Clean, fresh, dry and fruity. Very intense aromas, especially raspberry and strawberry. With a full body, it is tightly knit, elegant, persistent and has an aftertaste that reminds us once again of the red fruits. ""The 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé begins with very pleasant aromas of raspberry, strawberry, watermelon, a little spice and some floral notes. The wine tastes wonderful with delicious fruit and luscious streaks of spice and minerals. And while theres plenty of fruit its definitely very dry clocking in at just 1.9 grams/liter of residual sugar. This medium to full bodied rosé also features a wonderful thick mouthfeel, excellent complexity and very good structure. It ends dry with long lasting luscious fruit notes. Like so many rosés, this makes a great food wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Third is the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé which is a blend of Grenache, Cinsault, Syrah, Mourvèdre and Cabernet Sauvignon from Provence, France. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Owned by the Quiot family from Chateauneuf-du-Pape, the 200 acre estate lies at the foot of Mont Sainte Victoire near Aix-en-Provence. Its winemaking facilities have been completely renewed over the past 3 years.  This is a blend of Grenache, Syrah, Cinsault, Cabernet Sauvignon, Mourvedre.  Special efforts are made to preserve freshness and fruit by the use of CO2 gas to exclude oxygen during the harvest. This is a fresh rosé with a pretty salmon pink color, elegant flavors of red berries, mineral notes and a clean finish. Serve this wine lightly chilled. Very nice on its own, it goes well with most dishes, especially sushi, salads, pizza and mild cheeses.  13% Alcohol""Rosé is one of the things Provence does best and the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé does not disappoint. It begins with a wonderfully enticing aroma of raspberry, citrus and a little tomato plant along with stony minerality and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals a really delicious wine featuring ripe red fruit (strawberry, red cherry), pear, apple, watermelon and a touch of tropical fruit along with light spice notes, more mineral touches and good acidity. It ends with lingering peach and pear notes on the crisp, long, dry finish. This is fantastic stuff!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  Fourth is the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé which is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Western Cape, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $8 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""DMZ wines are produced by DeMorgenzon winery which is situated in the upper reaches of the Stellenboschkloof in Stellenbosch, South Africa. Terraced hillside vineyards and exquisite gardens are complemented by beautiful vistas of rugged mountains and sweeping views of both the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. With over 350 years of winemaking heritage, South Africa continues to produce excellent wines that combine elegance and charm with opulence and accessibility.  All DMZ wines are made from select parcels of grapes from special vineyards and carefully vinified to express the purity and integrity of the particular cultivar.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé is the first of two wines we are featuring from South Africa. It begins with fresh and pleasant aromas of red cherry, strawberry, watermelon, a little peach and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit (citrus, more watermelon, strawberry and other red berry fruit) with good depth of flavor. This one is a tad sweeter than some of the others at 3.9 grams/liter of residual sugar but it still tastes dry thanks to the high acidity. A touch of spice and minerality leads into the long, dry finish where juicy fruit lingers.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé which is 100% Pinotage from Stellenbosch, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""KANONCOP: Means ""Cannon Hill"" and is derived from the days when cannons were fired to signal the arrival of Dutch trade ships into Cape Town Harbour.  STYLE: Full bodied DRY wine with an aromatic raspberry and cherry flavours.  VINTAGE: A wet cold winter with a moderate ripening period. Harvesting date: 4 February 2013.  ORIGIN: Grapes were sourced from the quality wine region of Stellenbosch, east of Cape Town.  FOOD SUGGESTION: Drink by itself or serve with light funky styled food dishes. Best with anything from the sea.  14% Alcohol""The 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé comes from the polarizing Pinotage grape, but its hard to believe anyone could dislike it in rosé form as it is here. The wine begins with very pleasant aromas of watermelon, strawberry, red cherry and few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit in this medium to full-bodied wine. Youll find lime, cranberry, red cherry, strawberry and orange along with some very nice zesty spice streaks. This extremely tasty wine comes in at 3.0 grams/liter of residual sugar. It ends very long with lingering touches of minerality.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Last is the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec which is 100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Crios means offspring in Argentine slang. For 10 years, this wine was crafted by my mother Susana Balbo in honor of my sister Ana and me. As of 2011 I have taken over the challenge of crafting wines with as much care and attention as my mother. Ive worked hard to preserve the style - they display fresh fruit flavors, with balance that can only be learned from her. These wines are meant to be enjoyed while young and vibrant.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec begins with enticing aromas of berry and a little bit of spice. Tasting this easy to drink wine reveals plenty of strawberry and red cherry fruit, more spice and very good acidity. It ends with good length, more lingering strawberry and hints of minerality. Quite a tasty wine that we have enjoyed in previous vintages as well.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.    This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.  Dont Miss Our Next Deal! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
581," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     The 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc, the 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon, the 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc and the 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc.   Sauvignon Blanc is one of the most popular white varieties and accordingly is found in vineyards in many different countries. Originally from Western France, this easy to grow and adaptable grape is actually a parent to Cabernet Sauvignon. Its also one of our favorite white varieties for the dog days of summer.   And while Sauvignon Blanc presents one of the more recognizable flavor profiles in the wine world, it can still vary quite a bit by region. Today we visit four of these regions to sample this grape and uncover some great deals from NakedWines.com on this wonderfully refreshing wine for summer!   First up is the 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand. It has an SRP of $26.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $11.99. Or new customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $7 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Lay of the Land wines have been a long time coming. After 10 years as head winemaker with a leading Marlborough winery, the beautiful Angels and our wonderfully dedicated farming friends have combined with to bring this long dreamt of project to your wine glasses. It is still hard to believe its really happening - thanks to all of you Angels!  2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc is born from the best growing seasons in recent memory. A cool and late growing season combined with an extended Indian Summer allowing grapes to develop incredible flavour intensity. Sweet and sour citrus combine with ripe juicy acidity to frame a wine bursting with pure fruit intensity. Look forward to hearing from you.   13% Alcohol""The 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc begins with with the typical (and delightful) New Zealand grass and gooseberry aromas along with a nice bit of citrus. The same flavors from the nose carry over when tasting with the citrus focusing in on orange and a whole lot of grassiness and gooseberry coming out mid-palate and leading into the long finish. A very well done example of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next is the 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc from the North Coast of California. It has an SRP of $22.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $12.99. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $8 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Based on the popularity of Rachis, the Angels requested an increase in production and they again funded the whole thing! A big thank you to my Archangels, Angels, and all of my Drinking Buddies at NakedWines.com. Without your energetic support and kind words this would not have been possible. I feel very fortunate to be involved with all of you.""The 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc leans more toward the citrusy side with hints of honeysuckle to go along with some light tropical fruit and grassy notes. Clean, crisp and tasty in the mouth, this easy to drink wine showcases lots of honeyed and tangy citrus (tangerine, lemon) and tropical fruit (grapefruit and pineapple). It ends very long and refreshing.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon, a blend of 80% Sauvignon Blanc and 20% Semillon from Margaret River, Australia. It has an SRP of $21.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $12.99. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $8 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Wow, thank you Nakedwines.com Angels! From the moment I entered the wine industry, I have dreamed of the opportunity to make my own wines. With your support, this dream is now a reality and I couldnt be more thankful. I truly value your feedback so please drop me a line and let me know how Im doing. Thanks again!  12.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon adds in 20% Semillon, a very popular combination in France and Australia. The wine begins with pleasant aromas of grass, tropical fruit and citrus. It tastes a bit grassier in the mouth than on the nose but a nice mix of citrus and tropical fruit still predominate in this smooth wine with excellent mouthfeel. The excellent and very long finish is full of tart fruit.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy    BULK BUY!  And last (but not least) is the 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc from Loire Valley, France. It has an SRP of $25.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $11.49. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $6 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The historic Loire Valley is the home of the Sauvignon Blanc grape. Villebois, situated in the very heart of this royal valley, produces this delicious, dry wine combining elegance and crispness with the fruitiness of gooseberries and exotic fruits. To be enjoyed with goat cheese, oysters, and fish. Serving temperature: 48-52F.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc begins with very pleasant aromas of tropical fruit, lemon, lime and a touch of grassiness. The wine tastes crisp and is full of very flavorful tropical fruit and citrus thats a bit creamy in the mouth. This is really a fantastically refreshing wine with good complexity and balance. (Dont drink it too cold or youll lose some of that complexity.) It ends with very good length and lots of lingering tart grapefruit and lemongrass. This bottle will go quickly on a hot day!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 8."
582," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     The 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc, the 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon, the 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc and the 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc.   Sauvignon Blanc is one of the most popular white varieties and accordingly is found in vineyards in many different countries. Originally from Western France, this easy to grow and adaptable grape is actually a parent to Cabernet Sauvignon. Its also one of our favorite white varieties for the dog days of summer.   And while Sauvignon Blanc presents one of the more recognizable flavor profiles in the wine world, it can still vary quite a bit by region. Today we visit four of these regions to sample this grape and uncover some great deals from NakedWines.com on this wonderfully refreshing wine for summer!   First up is the 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand. It has an SRP of $26.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $11.99. Or new customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $7 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Lay of the Land wines have been a long time coming. After 10 years as head winemaker with a leading Marlborough winery, the beautiful Angels and our wonderfully dedicated farming friends have combined with to bring this long dreamt of project to your wine glasses. It is still hard to believe its really happening - thanks to all of you Angels!  2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc is born from the best growing seasons in recent memory. A cool and late growing season combined with an extended Indian Summer allowing grapes to develop incredible flavour intensity. Sweet and sour citrus combine with ripe juicy acidity to frame a wine bursting with pure fruit intensity. Look forward to hearing from you.   13% Alcohol""The 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc begins with with the typical (and delightful) New Zealand grass and gooseberry aromas along with a nice bit of citrus. The same flavors from the nose carry over when tasting with the citrus focusing in on orange and a whole lot of grassiness and gooseberry coming out mid-palate and leading into the long finish. A very well done example of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next is the 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc from the North Coast of California. It has an SRP of $22.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $12.99. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $8 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Based on the popularity of Rachis, the Angels requested an increase in production and they again funded the whole thing! A big thank you to my Archangels, Angels, and all of my Drinking Buddies at NakedWines.com. Without your energetic support and kind words this would not have been possible. I feel very fortunate to be involved with all of you.""The 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc leans more toward the citrusy side with hints of honeysuckle to go along with some light tropical fruit and grassy notes. Clean, crisp and tasty in the mouth, this easy to drink wine showcases lots of honeyed and tangy citrus (tangerine, lemon) and tropical fruit (grapefruit and pineapple). It ends very long and refreshing.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon, a blend of 80% Sauvignon Blanc and 20% Semillon from Margaret River, Australia. It has an SRP of $21.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $12.99. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $8 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Wow, thank you Nakedwines.com Angels! From the moment I entered the wine industry, I have dreamed of the opportunity to make my own wines. With your support, this dream is now a reality and I couldnt be more thankful. I truly value your feedback so please drop me a line and let me know how Im doing. Thanks again!  12.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon adds in 20% Semillon, a very popular combination in France and Australia. The wine begins with pleasant aromas of grass, tropical fruit and citrus. It tastes a bit grassier in the mouth than on the nose but a nice mix of citrus and tropical fruit still predominate in this smooth wine with excellent mouthfeel. The excellent and very long finish is full of tart fruit.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy    BULK BUY!  And last (but not least) is the 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc from Loire Valley, France. It has an SRP of $25.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $11.49. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $6 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The historic Loire Valley is the home of the Sauvignon Blanc grape. Villebois, situated in the very heart of this royal valley, produces this delicious, dry wine combining elegance and crispness with the fruitiness of gooseberries and exotic fruits. To be enjoyed with goat cheese, oysters, and fish. Serving temperature: 48-52F.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc begins with very pleasant aromas of tropical fruit, lemon, lime and a touch of grassiness. The wine tastes crisp and is full of very flavorful tropical fruit and citrus thats a bit creamy in the mouth. This is really a fantastically refreshing wine with good complexity and balance. (Dont drink it too cold or youll lose some of that complexity.) It ends with very good length and lots of lingering tart grapefruit and lemongrass. This bottle will go quickly on a hot day!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 8."
583," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     The 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc, the 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon, the 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc and the 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc.   Sauvignon Blanc is one of the most popular white varieties and accordingly is found in vineyards in many different countries. Originally from Western France, this easy to grow and adaptable grape is actually a parent to Cabernet Sauvignon. Its also one of our favorite white varieties for the dog days of summer.   And while Sauvignon Blanc presents one of the more recognizable flavor profiles in the wine world, it can still vary quite a bit by region. Today we visit four of these regions to sample this grape and uncover some great deals from NakedWines.com on this wonderfully refreshing wine for summer!   First up is the 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand. It has an SRP of $26.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $11.99. Or new customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $7 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Lay of the Land wines have been a long time coming. After 10 years as head winemaker with a leading Marlborough winery, the beautiful Angels and our wonderfully dedicated farming friends have combined with to bring this long dreamt of project to your wine glasses. It is still hard to believe its really happening - thanks to all of you Angels!  2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc is born from the best growing seasons in recent memory. A cool and late growing season combined with an extended Indian Summer allowing grapes to develop incredible flavour intensity. Sweet and sour citrus combine with ripe juicy acidity to frame a wine bursting with pure fruit intensity. Look forward to hearing from you.   13% Alcohol""The 2013 Lay of the Land Sauvignon Blanc begins with with the typical (and delightful) New Zealand grass and gooseberry aromas along with a nice bit of citrus. The same flavors from the nose carry over when tasting with the citrus focusing in on orange and a whole lot of grassiness and gooseberry coming out mid-palate and leading into the long finish. A very well done example of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next is the 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc from the North Coast of California. It has an SRP of $22.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $12.99. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $8 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Based on the popularity of Rachis, the Angels requested an increase in production and they again funded the whole thing! A big thank you to my Archangels, Angels, and all of my Drinking Buddies at NakedWines.com. Without your energetic support and kind words this would not have been possible. I feel very fortunate to be involved with all of you.""The 2013 Rachis by Randy Hester Sauvignon Blanc leans more toward the citrusy side with hints of honeysuckle to go along with some light tropical fruit and grassy notes. Clean, crisp and tasty in the mouth, this easy to drink wine showcases lots of honeyed and tangy citrus (tangerine, lemon) and tropical fruit (grapefruit and pineapple). It ends very long and refreshing.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon, a blend of 80% Sauvignon Blanc and 20% Semillon from Margaret River, Australia. It has an SRP of $21.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $12.99. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $8 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Wow, thank you Nakedwines.com Angels! From the moment I entered the wine industry, I have dreamed of the opportunity to make my own wines. With your support, this dream is now a reality and I couldnt be more thankful. I truly value your feedback so please drop me a line and let me know how Im doing. Thanks again!  12.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Matt Iaconis Margaret River Sauvignon Blanc + Semillon adds in 20% Semillon, a very popular combination in France and Australia. The wine begins with pleasant aromas of grass, tropical fruit and citrus. It tastes a bit grassier in the mouth than on the nose but a nice mix of citrus and tropical fruit still predominate in this smooth wine with excellent mouthfeel. The excellent and very long finish is full of tart fruit.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy    BULK BUY!  And last (but not least) is the 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc from Loire Valley, France. It has an SRP of $25.99 and is available to NakedWines.com Angels for $11.49. New customers can use the $100 sign-up voucher below and the steps outlined in this post to combine the Angel pricing with the voucher and get this wine for less than $6 a bottle. (See more about the Naked Wines model and Angel pricing here.) Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The historic Loire Valley is the home of the Sauvignon Blanc grape. Villebois, situated in the very heart of this royal valley, produces this delicious, dry wine combining elegance and crispness with the fruitiness of gooseberries and exotic fruits. To be enjoyed with goat cheese, oysters, and fish. Serving temperature: 48-52F.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Villebois Sauvignon Blanc begins with very pleasant aromas of tropical fruit, lemon, lime and a touch of grassiness. The wine tastes crisp and is full of very flavorful tropical fruit and citrus thats a bit creamy in the mouth. This is really a fantastically refreshing wine with good complexity and balance. (Dont drink it too cold or youll lose some of that complexity.) It ends with very good length and lots of lingering tart grapefruit and lemongrass. This bottle will go quickly on a hot day!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 8."
584,"   Priced and packaged right.   90% Bonarda and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon from Mendoza, Argentina.  $9.99 for a 1 liter bottle, available exclusively at Whole Foods Market. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""ORIGIN: Italian variety Bonarda blended with the French variety Cabernet Sauvignon, well suited in Mendoza vineyards.  HARVEST: Handpicked grapes in 18kg plastic boxes.  TASTING NOTES: Red ruby color with purple notes. Aromas of red fruits like plums and raspberries. In the mouth, sweet tannins, which make it soft and easy to drink.  SUSTAINABLE BY NATURE: 100% sustainably farmed grapes. Social welfare programs. Energy conservation. Use of green fertilizers. Wildlife preservation. Vineyard irrigation from pure mountain water. Water recycling programs. Vegan friendly.   13.0% Alcohol""Santa Julia wines have long been favorites here at The Reverse Wine Snob. Their excellent Malbec, Malbec Reserva, Cabernet Sauvignon and Torrontés offer tons of value so we were happy to see todays wine from Argentinas other red grape, Bonarda.  The 2013 Santa Julia Innovacion Bonarda-Cabernet Sauvignon frankly smells like a fruit bomb. As such youll find abundant aromas of ripe fruit (plums and blackberries) along with just a hint of smoke. Tasting shows more plum and blackberry but also reveals that this is not a one dimensional wine with some pleasant tobacco notes in addition to all the fruit. Smooth and easy to drink this is certain to be a crowd-pleaser, especially considering the 1 liter bottle which gives you 33% more wine than a traditional 750ml bottle. Perfect for your NFL playoff parties!  Available exclusively at Whole Foods Market.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140107"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Santa Julia Innovacion Bonarda-Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/santa-julia-innovacion-bonarda-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
585,"   A mouthful of luscious tropical fruit, citrus and honey.   Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand.  Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $7.99.   From the bottle: ""Marlborough. Latitude 42°S  A windswept terroir of hills and dry gravelly-clay riverbeds produces crisp tropical sauvignon with gooseberry notes, herbal grassiness, and restrained minerality. Juicy flavors, crisp acidity and long finish pair well with sea foods of all kinds. The perfect wine with Sushi!   13.0% Alcohol""Weve long been fans of wine from New Zealand -- and not just Sauvignon Blanc or Pinot Noir. A Merlot based blend, for example, is one of our favorites. That said, the Sauvignon Blanc and Pinot Noir are darn tasty and after featuring a very nice Pinot on Tuesday, today weve got an excellent example of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc...sans the famed cat pee aromas.  The 2013 Sauvignon Republic Cellars Sauvignon Blanc begins with classic New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc aromas like tropical fruit, lemongrass and a little honeysuckle. Tasting reveals more tropical fruit plus a whole lot of citrus soaked in luscious honey. This is a smooth, flavorful, fresh wine with good acidity. It ends crisp with medium length. A wine that makes your mouth happy!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140529"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Sauvignon Republic Cellars Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/sauvignon-republic-cellars-sauvignon-blanc.html"" };     Other wines in the Trader Joes Top Picks 2014 Series: Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #1 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #2 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #3 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #4  Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #5  Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #6  Grifone Sangiovese - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #7  La Granja Tempranillo - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #8  Honey Moon Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #9  Epicuro Aglianico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #10  Sauvignon Republic Sauvignon Blanc - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #11  Rosa dellOlmo Barbera dAsti - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #12  Trader Joes Grand Reserve Napa Valley Meritage - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #13  See the picks from our 2013 series here!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
586,"  Trepat and Garnacha Rosé sparkling wine from Spain.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Janet Kafka and Associates for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Freixenet is crisp, dry, fruity and hard to pronounce. Made in the traditional method, this sparkling wine with cherry aromas and berry flavors is bright and ready to enjoy. Give the pronunciation (Fresh-Eh-Net) and the wine a try!  12.0% Alcohol""The Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut begins with aromas of ripe strawberry, cherry and floral notes. The wine tastes crisp and clean with a good amount of sweetness. The predominant flavors are cherry, citrus, and a little peach and pomegranate. The wine finishes with sweet and tart fruit intermingling with a little minerality and frothy bubbles. Quite nice and another good choice for your Holiday table!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111123"",  ""title"" : ""Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva  Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
587,"   A unique and memorable blend.   40% Viognier from Sicily, 30% Chardonnay from Trentino, 20% Vermentino from Maremma and 10% Pecorino from Marche, Italy.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Imported by Aveniu Brands. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Memoro Italia, Latin for Remember Italy, was born as a cuvée wine from out familys Italian pride and created as a tribute to our countrys exceptional wine-making legacy and love of life.  14.0% Alcohol ""The Piccini Memoro Vino Bianco Italia is certainly a unique blend, combining grapes from all over Italy, and the end result is actually pretty nice. It begins with pleasant aromas of vanilla cream, pear, a little spiced apple and apricots. The Viognier spent time in oak and went through malolactic fermentation so you do get a hint of buttery oak when tasting but theres enough fruit from the other varieties that the combination works quite well. Youll also find a full, rich mouthfeel and fruit flavors similar to the nose. It ends with a really nice spicy streak that flows into the long finish. This is probably more a food wine than one that you would drink all by itself but it presents a bit more intriguing option than Chardonnay and should allow for some tasty food pairings.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140311"",  ""title"" : ""Piccini Memoro Vino Bianco Italia"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/piccini-memoro-vino-bianco-italia.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
588,"  50% Macabeo, 35% Parellada and 15% Xarel-lo from Spain.  SRP of $10 and available widely for $7. Sample received courtesy Janet Kafka and Associates for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Segura Viudas Brut Reserva is a choice, vibrant cava noted for its balance and elegant finesse. This sparkling wine is sublime as an apértif or accompaniment for any meal or celebration.  Segura Viudas handcrafts each cava inspired by the centuries-old traditional method. Today, Segura Viudas is recognized as one of Spains premier producers of artisan cava.  12.0% Alcohol""The Segura Viudas Brut Reserva begins with aromas of pear, fresh baked bread, and floral notes. The wine tastes of pear, citrus zest, lemon and green apple. This wine has a really nice acidity and a good crispness and juiciness to it. The Segura Viudas finishes with lemon zest plus a little minerality that turns into lingering honey notes. Another nice sparkling wine for your holiday table!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111130"",  ""title"" : ""Segura Viudas Brut Reserva"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
589,"  90% Trepat and 10% Garnacha from Spain.  SRP of $10 and available widely for around $8. Sample received courtesy Janet Kafka and Associates for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Delicate and crisp, Segura Viudas Brut Rosé is fresh and fruity with red aromas of raspberry, currant and grenadine. This vibrant sparkling wine is ideal as an apértif or accompaniment for any meal or celebration.   Segura Viudas handcrafts each cava inspired by the centuries-old traditional method. Today, Segura Viudas is recognized as one of Spains premier producers of artisan cava.  12.0% Alcohol""The Segura Viudas Brut Rosé begins with aromas of strawberry and, well, really it smells like a Shirley Temple. The wine tastes of sweet strawberry, cherry and citrus and has lots of big bubbles. This one finishes with a little bit of melon and some mineral notes. Another solid rosé sparkler.  And thats it, the last wine in our Holiday Sparklers series! With 12 different wines reviewed, theres definitely something for everyone and plenty of great sparkling wine for under $20. Check out the full listing of wines below!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111214"",  ""title"" : ""Segura Viudas Brut Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé"
590,"  100% Chardonnay sparkling wine from California.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Robert Mondavi believed that great wine was not just for special occasions. Share our Sparkling Wine with family and friends to celebrate the joy of every day.  12.5% Alcohol""This is the second Woodbridge sparkling wine in our series after having reviewed the Extra Dry version earlier. Todays wine is a Brut. So what is the difference between a wine labeled as Extra Dry and Brut? Its simply a matter of the amount of sugar added. Brut Nature has the lowest level of sugar, with no sugar added. Brut Extra has 0-6 grams of sugar. Brut has 0-12 grams and Extra Dry has 12-17 grams. As you can see several of the categories overlap and the official rules allow a wine to be +/- 3 grams. That means a wine with 9 grams of residual sugar could be labeled as an Extra Brut, Brut OR Extra Dry!  Personally I pay very little regard to the classifications such as these, after-all its all about how the wine tastes, right? And if you like it, drink it! And when it comes to this wine, I say drink it. The Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut opens with slightly doughy aromas of green apple, pear and lemon. The wine tastes quite sweet with pear, lemon, cream and custard flavors. Overall a simple wine, but this is a definite crowd-pleaser to break out at your Holiday party.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.   PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111128"",  ""title"" : ""Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva  Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé   Other Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi wine reviewed to date: 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Cabernet/Merlot - Easy-Going and Adaptable 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Zinfandel - A Fine Wine For $5.99 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Pinot Grigio - A Simple and Refreshing Party Wine 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Moscato - An Easy Choice Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine - Holiday Sparklers Wine #1 "
591,"  98.5% Chardonnay and 1.5% Viognier sparkling wine from Lodi, California.  SRP of $9.99 and available for $7.99 at Costco. Sample received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Robert Mondavi believed that great wine was not just for special occasions. Share our Sparkling Wine with family and friends to celebrate the joy of every day.  11.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is the first in our new series on Sparkling Wines for the Holidays, entitled ""Holiday Sparklers"". Ill be alternating these reviews with the other new series we started a couple days ago (Malbec Mania: Search For The Best Malbec Under $20) so whether your guests enjoy a serious red or just a little bubbly, we should have you covered. And, of course, dont forget to check out the latest Top 10 list for even more ideas!  The Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine begins with pleasing aromas of apple, pear, lemon, honey, floral notes and a touch of cinnamon. The wine tastes very refreshing, clean and crisp. The predominant flavors are pear and lemon and this wine features good acidity along with a nice light sweetness level. The Woodbridge Extra Dry has a little bit of tartness on the finish and the lemon and cinnamon flavors linger nicely. Very good!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111117"",  ""title"" : ""Woodbridge Extra Dry Sparkling Wine by Robert Mondavi"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva  Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé  Other Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi wine reviewed to date: 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Cabernet/Merlot - Easy-Going and Adaptable 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Zinfandel - A Fine Wine For $5.99 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Pinot Grigio - A Simple and Refreshing Party Wine 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Moscato - An Easy Choice Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut - Holiday Sparklers Wine #5   "
592,"  100% Pinot Noir from Willamette Valley, Oregon.  SRP of $20 and available as low as $18 by the case. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Food Pairing: Appetizers, Pasta, Light Meal, Hearty Meal.  Flavor Intensity: 5/10 Sweetness: 0/10 Acidity: 7/10 Oak Influence: 2/10 Mouth Feel: 4/10 Cellar Life: 4/10  13.3% Alcohol""The 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée begins with a great aromatic nose of plum and strawberries plus some leather or smoked meat notes that I couldnt quite put my finger on. Tasting the wine shows great smooth dark fruit flavors followed by some nice tannins and earthy spice. That spice intensifies on the finish which also has some notes of smoked meat and underlying fruit flavors that linger a long time. Quite nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111228"",  ""title"" : ""Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2007"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir "
593,"   Smooth Drinking Ahead!  33% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot, 17% Cabernet Franc, 14% Malbec and 6% Petit Verdot from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $19. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The term Meritage refers to the age-old tradition of blending Bordeaux style red varietals. Dry Creek Vineyard adopted this philosophy long before the term was introduced in 1988. The wine is crafted to be concentrated and flavorful, ready to drink upon release and exquisitely balanced to allow extended cellaring. This vintage includes 33% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot, 17% Cabernet Franc, 14% Malbec and 6% Petit Verdot.  Founded in 1972 by David Stare, our family winery is dedicated to producing handcrafted, classically styled wines.  14.5% Alcohol""Today we have the next wine in our Make Mine A Meritage series and it comes from one of the originals. Dry Creek Vineyard was one of the very first to make and sell Meritage wines in California. And if youre wondering what the term ""Meritage"" is all about, it comes from the combination of the words ""Merit"" and ""Heritage"" and was actually selected as the result of an international contest in the late 80s. (See something good did come out of the 80s after all!)  The 2008 Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage begins with a wonderful and complex aroma of blackberry, plum and lovely licorice notes with a burst of menthol, a bit of cedar and vanilla and a good dollop of black pepper. The wine tastes smooth, silky and supple with good balance. Dark fruit, a bit of smoke and toasty oak, licorice and a little molasses lead the way with delicious black pepper lasting all the way through the finish. Speaking of the finish, it is dry and long with a hint of dark chocolate at the very end. So good you might just make the rest of your wine walk the plank!  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130226"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/dry-creek-vineyard-sonoma-county-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
594,"  90% Prugnolo Gentile (Sangiovese) and 10% Canaiolo from Montepulciano, Italy.  SRP of around $30 and available for as low as $19.   From the bottle: ""Order Sons of Italy in America in collaboration with Votto Vines Importing and Vecchia Cantina is proud to present this hand selected Italian wine. Created from handpicked grapes, this wine represents the best of Italian tradition, quality and excellence.  13.5% Alcohol""This wine is a special blend for ""The Sons of Italy"", which is a society for Italian immigrants which started in 1905. It is the oldest and largest Italian-American organization in the U.S. The Leono dOro (Golden Lion) is the official symbol of the organization.  My first thought upon opening the 2008 Leone dOro Vino Nobile di Montepulciano Figli dItalia was ""Holy Bacon!"" This wine has succulent aromas of smoked meat, tobacco and very ripe dark fruit packed into a powerful bouquet. Tasting the wine immediately after opening again showed lots of flavorful bacon notes. After a little air those bacon notes subsided a bit both in the bouquet and when tasting. Quite simply this is an excellent wine that is smooth and savory with deep integrated tannins. The finish is very dry and long with lots of tart fruit followed by lingering tobacco notes. Day 2 was even a little better with more fruit coming through.  Highly drinkable now, but I think this wine has the potential to hit a 10 on our Taste rating in a few years -- hopefully I can restrain myself from drinking the rest of my bottles to find out!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120613"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Leone dOro Vino Nobile di Montepulciano"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
595,"   Its grand alright!  88% Cabernet Sauvignon, 7% Petit Verdot, 3% Malbec and 2% Cabernet Franc from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $19. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our Grand Reserve is crafted with grapes hand-selected from specific areas of our Jackson Estates Grown vineyards on Alexander Mountain estate and other nearby properties. Growing vineyards on these mountains and hillsides has produced intense, concentrated grapes. This Cabernet has cassis, currant and black cherry tones with enticing aromas of mocha, nutmeg and cinnamon that are the effects of 17 months of barrel aging.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the first we have reviewed from the very popular Kendall-Jackson. As far as I can tell the Grand Reserve line is a mid-tier line of wines, a step up from the Vintners Reserve but not to the level or expense of the Highland Estates line. Honestly, I wasnt quite sure what to expect, but I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised by this wine. And if youre into apps for your phone, they have a pretty cool one that gives you all different kinds of recommendations (expert, Facebook friends, even by mood) as well as a rather unique food/wine pairing system based on colors. But lets get to the wine, shall we?  The 2009 Kendall-Jackson Grand Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a really pleasant aroma, especially after a couple of hours in the glass. Blackberry, cola, licorice and spice are the dominant flavors. Tasting the wine reveals a very smooth, easy to drink texture along with good balance and complexity. Youll also find more blackberry flavor along with black currant, a little coffee and smoke and nice soft tannins. The finish is dry and delicious with good length. It was just as good on day 2 so have no fear about wasting this one if you dont finish it the first day, itll keep on the counter just fine until tomorrow (if you can wait that long).  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130307"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Kendall-Jackson Grand Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/kendall-jackson-grand-reserve-cabernet.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
596,"  100% Sangiovese from Lake County, California  SRP of $18 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Bright and focused, traditional Sangiovese is loved for its versatility with food and an incredible range and depth of flavors. 9 barrels made.  We mindfully grow and produce tradtional old world wines from distinctive Italian varietals that are uniquely Lake County. We are family owned and operated, and invite you to visit us in Kelseyville.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Rosa dOro Vineyard Sangiovese begins with an aromatic nose of black cherry cola, red berries and spice with a dash of leather. The wine tastes rich and fruity with black cherry and strawberry and is a bit on the tart side with some herbal notes. This Sangiovese has good lively acidity and is very food flexible. The fruitiness holds all the way through and then the herbal notes and light tannins come out a little stronger at the very end. A very nice bottle that takes you on a trip through a lot of different flavors and sensations! This would be good wine for the Christmas table.  Other Rosa dOro Wines reviewed: 2009 Muscat Canelli 2009 Primitivo          See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111213"",  ""title"" : ""Rosa dOro Sangiovese 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
597,"   The beauty of balance.   Pinot Noir from Carneros, Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $35, purchased for $19. 3,078 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""Truchard Vineyards is a family owned and operated winery in the upper Carneros region of the Napa Valley. The colors on our label originate from the clay, shale, sandstone and volcanic soils in our vineyards. This rich diversity of soils and a series of complex micro-climates enables us to produce wines of great character and distinction.  14.1% Alcohol""The 2009 Truchard Vineyards Carneros Napa Valley Pinot Noir begins with pleasant aromas of cherry cola, spice, white pepper and strawberry plant (dirt and all). The wine tastes nice and dry with sour cherry fruit flavors, spice and a good dose of earthiness. Theres nothing over the top about this smooth, soft, medium-bodied wine and it really highlights the beauty that a nicely balanced wine can deliver. The earthy spice kicks it up a notch on the long finish and leaves you with lingering notes of black tea. Excellent!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131007"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Truchard Vineyards Carneros Napa Valley Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/truchard-vineyards-carneros-napa-valley-pinot-noir.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
598,"   Tasty wine with a fancy French name.   70% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Petit Verdot from Medoc, Bordeaux, France.  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Chateau Rollan De By Cru Bourgeois Medoc Bordeaux 2010 for just $18.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!  From Cork Exclusive: ""Unexpectedly approachable, this 2010 Bordeaux has well balanced acidity, with a long, smooth finish. Coffee bean, licorice, vanilla, intense plum, imbued with a hint of eucalyptus on the nose. Earthy, yet exploding with dark fruit. This is a forward, easy to like, crowd pleasing Bordeaux.    14% Alcohol""A quick interruption today from our Breaking Into The Box series to bring you this special, free shipping deal from our friends at Cork Exclusive. Well be back Monday with more selections in our series.  The 2010 Chateau Rollan De By Cru Bourgeois Medoc Bordeaux begins with aromas of black cherry, cedar, plum and even a hint of apple and mint. Its a rather fascinating nose with lots of subtleties and quite fun to smell. Tasting the wine reveals more black cherry along with black currant, raspberry and blackberry fruit. Add in licorice, a little cola, more cedar and some oaky spice and this is adding up to be quite a nice wine. A wonderful smooth texture and good structure round this one out. It ends dry, long and grippy with hints of graphite.   Get the Chateau Rollan De By Cru Bourgeois Medoc Bordeaux 2010 for just $18.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141025"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Chateau Rollan De By Cru Bourgeois Medoc Bordeaux"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/chateau-rollan-de-by-cru-bourgeois-medoc-bordeaux.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
599,"   Montalcino for less Moola.   100% Sangiovese from Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $26 and available for as low as $19. 22,000 bottles produced. Imported by Winebow. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the winery: ""At San Polo, the grapes for this Rosso di Montalcino are obtained from the same noble parcels as those used for the Brunello, but the requirements for aging and maximum yields are less stringent. Therefore, Rosso di Montalcino wine is more immediately accessible in its youth, whereas Brunello di Montalcino benefits from more aging. More like a baby Brunello, the final wine is flavorful and versatile, with all the quality one expects from this distinguished appellation.  Ruby-red in color, this Rosso di Montalcino offers juicy aromas of blackberries, black cherries and a hint of vanilla. This pleasantly fragrant wine is medium bodied, with well balanced tannins and a persistent, aromatic finish.   It is ideal with pasta Bolognese, herb roasted chicken, barbecued ribs or cheeses such as Parmigiano Reggiano.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 San Polo Rosso di Montalcino begins with very pleasant aromas of dark fruit, dried herbs, violets and a hint of smoked meat. Tasting reveals a smooth, rustic and tasty wine featuring lots of tart black cherry, more succulent dried herb notes, a nice bit of lovely spice and a little licorice and tobacco. It ends dry with good length, lots of sour cherry and hints of tobacco.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140219"",  ""title"" : ""2010 San Polo Rosso di Montalcino"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/san-polo-rosso-di-montalcino.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
600,"   Loco for Lodi Wine #4.   Sangiovese from Lodi, California.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $19. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Sangiovese is the grape varietal responsible for all great Italian Chianti wines. The exceptional balance of the Lodi grapes in this bottle will enjoy an Amorous relationship with just about any food pairing. It, quite simply, goes with everything, especially pastas!  15.5% Alcohol""As weve already seen in this series, Lodi is a hotbed for Italian varietals. If you remember, we started out our series with a Vermentino and today we have a Sangiovese. Sangiovese is one of the Italian grapes that has had some good success in California (unlike Nebbiolo) so I was excited to give this one a try. Lets find out how the wine tastes!  The 2011 Macchia Amorous Sangiovese smells lovely, lovely, lovely! Raisins, plums, sweet oak and spice combine to create an almost Port like aroma that will sweep you off your feet. Tasting this full-bodied wine reveals lots of ripe, rich berry fruit and sweet oak. There might be a tad too much oak at first, but give the wine some time to breathe and that dissipates. The wine also has great balance, and I would have never guessed it was 15.5% alcohol. It ends dry with good length. Very enjoyable!  Wine in the Loco for Lodi Series: Uvaggio Vermentino 2011 - Loco for Lodi Michael David Winery Petite Petit 2010 - Just Plain Fun To Drink Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - A Classic Lodi Zin Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely!  Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - Super Ripe and Rich Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa 2012 - More Than Your Typical Rosé  Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - A Brilliant Burger Wine  Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera 2011 - A Beauty Of A Barbera  Gnarly Head Authentic Red 2010 - Ready to Party   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130604"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Macchia Amorous Sangiovese"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/macchia-amorous-sangiovese.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
601,"   Solid Sangiovese from Stickybeak.   85% Sangiovese, 10% Merlot and 5% Syrah from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $20 and available for around $19. Imported by Old Bridge Cellars. Sample submitted for review.   From the bottle: ""Becco Appiccicoso - Italian for Stickybeak, Australian slang for a busybody or nosey neighbor. As a verb: to have a look, to investigate. By chance we met famed Tuscan-based Alberto Antonini in his Victoria, Australia vineyard and, recognizing a kindred spirit, soon after flew to Italy to have a stickybeak at his 40-year old Cerreto Guidi vineyards. The wine you hold cements our partnership - a generous yet structured blend of mature vine Sangiovese and Merlot with a dollop of spicy Syrah from nearby Maremma.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Stickybeak Toscana begins with the signature Sangiovese sour cherry notes along with a little vanilla and mint. Tasting the wine reveals lots of tart cherry, some cola and really nice dried herbs. This wine is probably still a bit young, but quite good already and the Merlot and Syrah make for a tasty blend. Thanks to good acidity this wine will be fairly food flexible as well. It ends with more tart cherry and good length.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140210"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Stickybeak Toscana"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/stickybeak-toscana.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
602,"   Two rare grapes in one glass.   50% Kerner, 25% Riesling and 25% Bacchus from Mokelumne Glen Vineyards in Lodi, California.  SRP of $19 and available at that price. 42 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Discover the new medium - old world winemaking infused by contemporary label design.  A place in Europe explained through the eyes of Sheng Moua - a Graphic Design major at the University of the Pacific, in partnership with Borra Vineyards. The first label design in an emerging artist series.  13.7% Alcohol""Todays wine features two cool climate grapes you dont hear much about in this country. Kerner is a variety that was created in Germany by crossing Schiava (a red grape) and Riesling. Lodi is the only place in California that grows this grape and Borra Vineyards crushed all 4.7 tons of it in 2013.   Bacchus is even rarer in California and is another German crossing, this time of Müller-Thurgau and Silvaner. In addition to Germany, it is also planted in England where it is made into a wine reminiscent of Sauvignon Blanc. And while normally you wouldnt think of Lodi as a spot for these cool climate varieties, the Mokelumne Glen Vineyards placement on the banks of the Mokelumne River creates the cool conditions needed for these varieties to thrive.  The 2013 Borra Vineyards Artist Series Kerner Blend begins with pleasant aromas of lime, green apple, a little melon and tropical fruit and beautiful floral notes. Tasting reveals a very fruity wine full of lime and other tangy citrus and tropical flavors. A wonderful light effervescence cranks the refreshment level up another notch. Thanks to all that delicious fruit the wine tastes deceptively sweet, but it is in fact dry. Nice acidity helps to make it very food flexible. It finishes very long.  Winemaker Markus Niggli has nicknamed this wine ""Vinho Verde"" because he uses the Portuguese style of bottling the wine relatively young which leaves some of the natural carbonation from the winemaking process. Its a good comparison in that those bubbles help create a delicious and refreshing summer wine except that this wine offers a lot more complexity than your average Vinho Verde.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140627"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Borra Vineyards Artist Series Kerner Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/borra-vineyards-artist-series-kerner.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
603,"  90% Tempranillo, 5% Mazuelo, 5% Graciano from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $18 and available for around $16. Sample received courtesy Rioja Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle:""This fine Reserva is aged for 18 months in small French and American oak barrels. Wines made from Tempranillo (with a blend of Mazuelo and Graciano) grown in this region offer intense aromas, inky color and a complex finish on the palate.  14.0% Alcohol""Today we come to the last wine in our Journey Through Rioja series. And todays wine is indicative of a lot of wines in this region in the prominent use of oak aging. To be sure, oak aging is used all over the world but it seems especially pronounced in Spain and France. The use of oak imparts a number of different flavors to wine, as the wine pulls flavors out of the wood as it ages. The type of oak also makes a difference, the two main styles being French or American. (Its actually not so much where the oak is from, but how the oak is prepared that determine whether it is considered French or American; in fact, American oak can be imported into France and deemed ""French"" if the barrels are crafted in the French method.) The bottom line is that French oak imparts much more of the flavors from the wood and sap than American. Those flavors include things like chocolate, caramel, and vanilla among others. And todays wine is, quite simply, a vanilla monster.  The 2006 Bodegas Beronia Reserva begins with aromas of blackberry and cola along with lots of vanilla and caramel notes. The wine tastes smooth with flavors of blackberry, oak, vanilla, and licorice. The Beronia has a really nice texture and ends with a good amount of oak but the vanilla and a little caramel is what really shines through on the smooth finish. Very nice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111112"",  ""title"" : ""Bodegas Beronia Rioja Reserva 2006"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Journey Through Rioja Series 2010 Dinastía Vivanco Rioja White Blend 2009 Palacios Remondo La Vendimia 2007 Viña Real Plata Crianza Rioja Red Wine 2010 Bodegas El Coto Rioja Rosado 2005 Federico Paternina Banda Roja Reserva 2006 Bodegas Beronia Rioja Reserva "
604,"  2006 Bodegas Montecillo Reserva, SRP of $18, but available for $14-$15.   Sample received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Founded in 1874, Bodegas Montecillo is one of the oldest wineries in the Rioja region. Our winemakers select the finest Tempranillo grapes to create Montecillo Reserva. Aged for 18 months in handcrafted oak barrels, it is further bottle-aged prior to release. A full-bodied wine, round and fruity with flavors of liquorice and fruits. Food friendly, especially good with stews, grilled vegetables and meats. Serve at 64°F.  13.5% Alcohol""Today we continue on our exploration of the Bodegas Montecillo Tempranillo line while trying to come to grips with the effects of aging. Next up is the 2006 Bodegas Montecillo Reserva. In order to meet the Rioja qualifications to be labeled a Reserva the wine must have a total of three years of aging, one of which needs to be in oak casks, so this wine meets those guidelines easily having been aged 18 months in oak and several years in the  bottle. The Crianza which we reviewed yesterday saw less time in oak and in the bottle. So how does this wine compare?  The 2006 Bodegas Montecillo Reserva has aromas of blackberry, plum, and vanilla. The wine tastes of blackberry and plum and compared to the Crianza shows more fruit and loses a bit of the earthiness that wine had. The Reserva also has some tobacco notes just like the Crianza. The finish is also similar: spice and sour cherry with good length. The oak is more apparent on the Reserva (maybe a tad too apparent).   The bottomline? The Reserva is smoother and has more fruit than the Crianza, but might show a bit too much oak. The Reserva also has more structure and depth to it. Overall a step up from the Crianza, just as it is marketed. Both wines are recommended and receive a Buy rating.  Up next well find out if the Bodegas Monticello Gran Reserva can live up to its name!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110823"",  ""title"" : ""2006 Bodegas Montecillo Reserva"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
605,"  Sampled received for review courtesy of Terroir Wine Cellars, available at select retailers for $14.99. (Check the store locator here.)  From the bottle:Congratulations! You have picked up a stunning Merlot.  Our Palarea Merlot is a full bodied and rich wine which can be enjoyed now or sit down for years to come. We recommend letting this wine breathe at least 30 minutes before serving.  Terroir Wine Cellars is proud to bring you undiscovered gems from across the globe that are made with passion. To discover our offerings visit us on www.terroirwinecellars.com. -Paul Clear, CEO and Founder  Match with chicken parmesan, roast beef or steak, dark chocolate.   14% alcoholIve really enjoyed the wines Ive had from Spain lately, and the 2006 Palarea Merlot is no exception. This is the second of three wines from Terroir Wine Cellars, a company born when founder Paul Clear hopped a plane to Spain:Clear recounts how the company got it’s start. “I was tired of working for other people quite frankly. So I hopped on a plane to Madrid, rented a car and started knocking on winery doors. I explained how I wanted to start making my own high quality brand that the American wine consumer would appreciate. It took 3 trips, countless tastings and visits with over 125 wineries before I finally found a spot I deemed worthy of my brand. Once the place was decided, we started working on Palarea! We started small,” says Clear, “just one wine. Next thing you know, it blew up and we were adding wines and states.”The 2006 Palarea Merlot exhibits a very nice aroma of ripe fruit, blackberries, a little bit of vanilla and maybe even some coffee. It has a nice fruity taste and is very smooth with some wonderful tannins and a bit of spice coming in on the finish that complements the smoothness wonderfully. Overall a very good structure and a wine I can easily recommend. In addition, my wife is generally not a fan of Merlot but she wholeheartedly gives her endorsement to this one! A wine that should find a spot on the next update of The Reverse Wine Snob Top 10 list.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110420"",  ""title"" : ""2006 Palarea Merlot Vino de la Tierra de Castilla"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
606,"   Bramble, jammy fruit and spice make this Zinfandel quite nice!  100% Zinfandel from Cardanini Estate, El Dorado County, Sierra Foothills, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $15.  From the bottle: ""At Calstar Cellars we carefully select high quality fruit and take care in the winemaking process to preserve its unique character. The wines are lightly oaked to enhance the fruit characteristics and have the structure to go with food or to be enjoyed on their own. We hope you will enjoy this wine with anything from burgers to risotto, or by itself with friends and family.  15.4% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from El Dorado County which has some of the highest altitude vineyards in the state of California. The area is known in particular for Zinfandel and one wine descriptor you sometimes hear associated with Zinfandel is ""brambly"", which describes the Alta Zin right on the nose (pun intended). Bramble is something you know when you smell, but perhaps could best be described as the scent of not just the fruit of a berry bush, but the entire bush itself -- stems, twigs, leaves, fruit and all.  The 2007 Calstar Cellars Alta Zin Cardanini Estate El Dorado County Zinfandel begins with brambly aromas of black cherry and plum along with cedar, dried herbs and a little menthol. Nice from the get go, the wine gains even more complexity with some air. The bramble continues when tasting the wine along with hints of green pepper and lots of rich, jammy fruit (blueberry, raspberry and cherry predominantly). A nice bit of spicy minerality leads into the long finish and resolves into some lingering toasty oak notes. This delicious wine might have even been a little better on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130312"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Calstar Cellars Alta Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/calstar-cellars-alta-zin-zinfandel.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
607,"  100% Carménère from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle:""D.O. Colchagua Valley Gran Reserva - Carmenere  Over 100 years ago, the 1st generation of the Silva family pioneered the Colchagua Valley, the region today producing Chiles finest premium wines. Today, the 4th and 5th generations fully own and run the winery and its land, making it the most family run Estate in the country.  The Familys emphasis on terroir and attention to detail has seen Casa Silva become one of the most award winning and prestigious wineries in Chile, being the most gold awarded at International Competitions in 2003. Accolades among many others include: ""Best South American Producer"" at the International Wine & Spirit Competition, London 2000.  This Carmenere is from the Los Lingues Estate tucked away in the Northeastern corner of Colchagua Valley, in the foothills of the magnificent Andes mountains. Among many other awards as Chiles top Carmenere producer, Casa Silva recently won the trophy at the Wines of Chile Awards as the Best Chilean Carmenere. This wine, of superlative colour, has great concentration of silky elegant tannins, hints of chocolate and a very long finish.  14.0% Alcohol""Today we have another wine from the Colchagua Valley in Chile. Cabernet Sauvignon is actually the most planted grape in this area, but Carménère is also very popular. (And Carménère comes from the Cabernet family of grapes.) However, the rise of this French grape was not planned -- when originally imported from Bordeaux many years ago the grape was confused with Merlot. Luckily for all of us Carménère thrived in Chile, but wasnt until 1998 that it was officially recognized as a distinct variety.  The 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère begins with aromas of ripe dark fruit and green pepper. The wine tastes of lots of blackberry and blueberry flavors but also spice, oak and herb notes. This wine has lots of sweet fruit but it doesnt overwhelm. The Casa Silva finishes with a good amount of oak and a little lingering tobacco. Not too bad on day 1, but this wine was really delicious on day 2 as the oak was toned way down. In fact, I liked it so much better that I even revised my Taste rating up from a 7 to an 8 so be sure to give this one some air before drinking.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111019"",  ""title"" : ""Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Tour of Chile Series 1) 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère 2) 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 3) 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 4) 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère 5) 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 6) 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 7) 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère 8) 2007 Haras de Pirque Character   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
608,"  The 2008 Charles Smith Boom Boom Syrah is $14.99 from Costco. I drank this wine before starting the site so I dont have a lot of notes on it, but I do know that I liked this wine quite a bit. It had a bit of a peppery spice to it with a smooth finish. This one needs a little air to open up and we liked it even more on the second day. My local Costco has both the 2008 and 2009 in stock which leads me to believe they are in process of switching over to the newer vintage. Ill grab a bottle of the 2009 soon and see how it compares, but first I need to get back to Costco and get another 2008!  According to the Charles Smith website this wine is actually 99.5% Syrah and 0.5% Primitivo. It is 13.5% alcohol. The Primitivo grape is very similar if not the same as Zinfandel. Interestingly the 2009 is 92% Syrah and 8% of the trendy Mouvédre, a blending grape traditionally used in the Rhone Valley.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110213"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Charles Smith Boom Boom Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
609," A Bordeaux style blend from South Africa that gives a great excuse to eat a half dozen ""bite-size"" brownies.  SRP of $19.99 but available widely for around $16. Sample received courtesy of The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Cabernet Sauvignon 52%, Malbec 16%, Merlot 14%, Petit Verdot 13%, Cabernet Franc 5%.  This wine is a unique blend of classic red varietals. 18 months maturation in new and second-fill French oak barriques followed by minimal fining has produced a great wine with excellent potential for maturation. 14% alcohol""As I mentioned above, this wine pairs well with those bite size chocolate brownies you can get at Costco or Target...you know the ones that make you think you can eat 2, 3, or 8 or so because after-all they are bite size, right? Even though you conveniently overlook the fact that it actually takes 2 or 3 bites to eat them -- brilliant marketing, really. (As you can tell we like to pair our wine with chocolate.)  The 2008 Glen Carlou Grand Classique exhibits pleasing aromas of strawberry, vanilla and even a little caramel plus some earthy tones. The wine tastes of blackberry plus a little tart cherry and has smooth tannins. This one has a dry, medium long finish with a nice little bit of pepper and coffee to close it out. Overall, a blend that impressed me -- these varietals play quite nicely with each other and produce a very pleasing, flavorful wine. Give it a try!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110521"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Glen Carlou Grand Classique"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
610," A refreshing Riesling from the Finger Lakes. Available for $15.99 direct from the winery and at select retailers. Sample received courtesy Finger Lakes Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle:""With great pride and passion, John and Josephine Ingle have been producing single vineyard, hand crafted wines that have been sustainably and family farmed for almost 40 years. Low yields and meticulous viticultural practices bring out the true expression of the Ingle Vineyard terroir.  The 2008 Ingle Vineyard Riesling reflects the natural elegance and bouquet of the Riesling grape, characteristics which are enhanced in the Finger Lakes Region. This crisp wine presents flavor of apple and lemon with hints of melon. This wine is well-suited for lunch or dinner, paired with cheeses, pasta or fish.  Heron Hills tower, which has some of the areas most impressive views of the vineyards and Keuka Lake, is illustrated in the artists rendition on the front label. Just as the tower boasts the pinnacle of views, the Ingle Vineyard series features the finest of wines produced in the Finger Lakes. The Ingle family warmly invites you to visit Heron Hill Winery and experience the future of Finger Lakes wine. 12% alcohol""We found the 2008 Heron Hill Winery Ingle Vineyard Riesling to be very nice with strong aromas of granny smith apples plus lemon and lime. It tastes sweet yet very  crisp and somewhat dry at the same time. The primary flavors echo those found on the nose, mainly granny smith apple and lemon/lime. The finish is also crisp and fresh. (Are you sensing a theme here?) Overall, a very nice, easy to drink wine that you will find quite refreshing on a hot day!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110614"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Heron Hill Winery Ingle Vineyard Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
611,"  98% Shiraz and 2% Viognier from Margaret River, Western Australia.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Excellent winter and early spring rains recharged the soil profile for the dry summer season. Spring was generally mild and sunny with summer being fine, warm and sunny with few hot days. The red vineyards were harvested through late March and early April, the long sunny warm days producing fruit of great intensity and flavour.  The Siblings label is designed to celebrate the second generation in the management of this family business.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the third Australian Shiraz weve reviewed in just the last couple weeks: Eden Road The Long Road Gundagai Shiraz 2010 - One More Reason to Love Syrah/Shiraz  Yalumba The Y Series Shiraz Viognier 2010 - Youll Like It  The reason for this mini-blitz? Its quite simple: a bit of cool weather put me in the mood for my go-to variety for Fall. The fruit and spice combination of a good Shiraz (or Syrah) just cant be beat this time of year.  The 2008 Leeuwin Estate Siblings Margaret River Shiraz begins with aromas of blackberry, lots of vanilla, nutmeg and even some mocha notes. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals it to be easy to drink with smooth tannins. Blackberry, blueberry, vanilla and a good dose of black pepper are the primary flavors. On the finish some light oaky notes come to the front along with more fruit and spice. Give this wine some time to breath and it is quite delicious!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120825"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Leeuwin Estate Siblings Margaret River Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/leeuwin-estate-siblings-margaret-river-shiraz.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
612," Find all our Wine Club Reviews here.    66% Carignan, 25% Mourvèdre, 9% Petite Sirah from California. SRP of $20 but available for around $16. (And as low as $15 for Plonk Wine Club members.)  Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""AROMA: cassis, graphite, kalamata olive  FLAVOR: plum, baking spice, violet  FOOD PAIRINGS: carnitas, cassoulet, cheese & hierloom paninis  VINIFICATION: a blend of old-vine carignan (66%) mourvedre (25%) and petite sirah (9%). the fruit was hand harvested, sorted and then fermented in stainless steel tanks using a wild yeast. malolactic fermentation occurred naturally and finished completely. the wine remained in neutral french oak on fine-lees for 10-months.  SITE: a selection of benchland vineyards in mendocinos redwood valley compose this wine. the fruit comes from predominantly old-vines which are dry-farmed and head-pruned. this cool, upland valley supports gradual (and often late) ripening. the soil is red clay strewn with fist sized rocks. the combination of vine age, an extended growing season, and tougher soil conspires to produce complex, intense wines.   13.8% Alcohol""The 2008 Lioco Indica Mendocino County Red Wine begins with aromas of dark fruit, plum, violet, cedar, and lots and lots of spice. This wine almost made me sneeze the first time I took a big sniff! The wine tastes of plum, dark berries, a little green pepper and some baking spice with some added earthiness. The wine is medium-bodied and has some depth and thickness to it but is still smooth. It reminds me a little bit of the spice drop candies my wifes grandmother has at Christmas time without all the sweetness. The finish has a bit of sour cherry flavor to it and a medium-long length. Overall, the 2008 Lioco Indica is pretty nice -- not super fruity, but really satisfying.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Find our other recommended wines from the Plonk Wine Club here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110903"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Lioco Indica Mendocino County Red Wine"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way! "
613,"  100% Shiraz from Coonawarra, South Australia.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $14.99 Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""THE VISION: Penley Estate crafts super premium wines at our Coonawarra winery, from estate grown grapes.  THE NAME: Penley was born out of our family names of Penfold and Tolley, synonymous with 160 years of winemaking tradition. Distinguished by its grace and enormous stamina, the condor symbolizes Penleys determination, energy and quiet persistence towards winemaking excellence.  THE WINE: Ripe berry, with a rich mix of red and blackberry fruits, hint of pepper spice. Integrated and seamless oak. The style is medium to full bodied. Enjoy for 1 to 5 years.  THE COONAWARRA DISTRICT: Penley is situated in the heart of Coonawarra. Shallow terra rossa over limestone.  THE WINEMAKER: Experience was earnt, tradition was given, but my wines reflect what I feel, Kym Tolley.  15.0% Alcohol""The 2008 Penley Estate Hyland Coonawarra Shiraz begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry and some other dark fruits. The wine tastes super smooth and silky with great dark fruit flavors. This one has maybe just a pinch of spice but really not nearly as much as youd expect from a typical Shiraz. The fruit flavors flow through to the medium finish.   Without the punch of the signature Shiraz spice at the end this is a very accessible wine for even occasional wine drinkers, but if youre looking for something with a bit more of that Shiraz oomph try the 2008 Penley Estate Condor Coonawarra Cabernet/Shiraz blend. You should be able to please just about everyone between those two wines from Penley!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111217"",  ""title"" : ""Penley Estate Hyland 2008 Coonawarra Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
614,"  100% Assyrtico from Santorini, Greece.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Wines From Santorini for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Assyrtico Dry white wine Appellation of origin Santorini of high quality Selected grapes from our privately-owned vineyards on the island.  13.5% Alcohol""This is the second of two wines we are reviewing from Santorini. Yesterday we covered the SantoWines Nykteri, an Assyrtico based blend, and todays wine from San..Torini Winery is 100% Assyrtico.  The island of Santorini is one of the most ancient wine growing regions in the world. Besides the unique soil and water conditions we discussed yesterday, the island is also subject to very strong winds which can wreak havoc on unprotected vines. To mitigate against this vines are grown in the ""koulara"" method. Basically they are woven into continuous circles to form a basket. Problem solved, right? Well yes and no. After many years the nutrients have to pass through too long and thick of a vine to get to the grapes which thus lowers the grape yield dramatically. After about 75 years the baskets are removed at the soil level and a new plant sprouts from the same root. This has been done at least 4-5 times in some areas on the island making the current rootstock several hundred years old.  The 2008 San..Torini Santorini Assyrtico begins with aromas of creamy citrus and a little zesty spice. These same flavors dominate when tasting this flavorful, fresh and crisp wine. It finishes nicely with long lasting fruit and a little spice carries all the way through. Definitely a wine that is not lacking for flavor!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120201"",  ""title"" : ""San..Torini Santorini Assyrtico 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
615,"  80% Assyrtico and a 20% blend of Athiri and Aidani from Santorini, Greece.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Wines From Santorini for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""By tradition, Santorini vintners harvest in the afternoon and vinify ""Nykteri"" during the night. ""Nykteri"" is the word for ""staying up all night"" in the local language. Assyrtico, Athiri, Aidani and the 3-month maturation in barrels give us pure aromas of citrus fruits and spices. It is perfect with greek traditional dishes at 10° C.  14.0% Alcohol""This is the first of two wines well be reviewing from Santorini, Greece. Todays wine is a ""Nykteri"" blend that must contain at least 75% Assyrtico. The balance comes from two ancient Greek varieties (Athiri and Aidani). Tomorrows wine will be a 100% Assyrtico.  Santorini is one of the oldest winemaking areas in the world, going all the way back to 3500 BC. A volcanic eruption in 1600 BC created the unique soil conditions of volcanic ash and lava that help to give wines from Santorini their unique character today. However, this isnt the only thing unique about the island.   Santorini doesnt get much rain each year, but the vines are able to survive thanks in part to the ""sea fog"" that covers the island each night. (This sea fog is produced by the active volcano reacting with the sea water). This sea mist is absorbed by the soil and is a major source of water for the vines. The vines also get covered in a salty spray from the mist that may help explain some of the minerality characteristic of wines from this area. All these remarkable conditions help to create a pretty unique and tasty wine.  The 2008 SantoWines Nykteri Santorini begins with aromas of citrus and flowers. The wine tastes of apples and citrus and has a really nice minerality. The medium-short finish features good acidity. Quite nice on its own and it could be really great with the right food (think traditional Greek fare).  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120131"",  ""title"" : ""SantoWines Nykteri Santorini White Blend 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
616,"  100% Tempranillo from Amador County. SRP of $18 and available for around $16.   Sample received courtesy the winemaker and TAPAS Society for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Since 1981, St. Amant, a small family winery has pursued the road less traveled, handcrafting delicious wines from Spanish and Portugese varieties. Our Tempranillo is grown in our Sierra Foothill vineyard and sits in a relatively cool site that is carefully farmed to produce the highest quality grapes. This wine is a big, chewy, well-structured red with full, round aromas of spice, tobacco, and dark fruits. It has a ripe mouthcoating texture that provides a good lengthy finish.  15.5% Alcohol""I received a bottle of this wine to try as part of International Tempranillo Day on September 1. Im a big fan of Tempranillo, but this was my first occasion to try one from outside of Spain, and in this case, California. Needless to say, I was excited to give it a try and see how it holds up against the Spaniards! And it did quite well.   The 2008 St. Amant Amador County Tempranillo begins with good, strong aromas of ripe blackberry, tobacco, and spice. The wine tastes rich and silky, and is full-bodied with mouth coating flavors of blackberry, black currant, and smoky tobacco. It is a bit on the jammy side, but thats not a bad thing here. The wine gets even better with a little time to breathe. The finish is a bit hot thanks to the 15.5% alcohol but has a really strong flavor that lasts a long time. Oak notes are quite predominant on the finish but I suspect those will mellow out with a little more bottle age. Overall this competes quite nicely with the Spanish Tempranillos that I have tried.  Also check out these reviews of other American grown Tempranillo: The Abacela Estate Tempranillo from Umpqua Valley, Oregon: A Myriad of Multi-Dimensional Flavors. The Longoria Clover Creek Vineyard Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: America The Beautiful (Saturday Splurge). The Bokisch Vineyards Tempranillo from Lodi, California: Organic and Dynamic. The Curran Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: A Decadently Delicious Saturday Splurge.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110908"",  ""title"" : ""2008 St. Amant Amador County Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
617,"   Makes a savory statement you cant help but enjoy.   89% Zinfandel with the remaining 11% being a blend of Alicante Bouschet, Mourvedre, Carignane, Syrah and Petite Sirah from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $24 and available for $15.99 at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This wine was produced from hand-picked grapes grown on some of the finest ""old vines"" Zinfandel vineyards in Sonoma County. Aged for 15 months in American oak barrels, this deeply colored, rich red wine displays the unique character of ""old world style"" Zinfandel.  15.5% Alcohol""The grapes for todays wine come from the Russian River Valley, Sonoma Valley and Dry Creek Valley, all from vines that are 55 to 100 years old. Weve talked about old vines in the past, and how there really is no standard for what constitutes old, but in general as vines age they produce fewer, but more flavorful grapes. This is the perfect for the big and rich, high alcohol style that is quite popular for Zinfandel right now, and todays wine does that style proud.  The 2008 St. Francis Old Vine Zinfandel begins with really pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, black pepper and a little caramel. The wine tastes smooth and rich with lots of blackberry and plum flavors just like the nose. This is definitely a big and fruity wine, but it is also backed up with lots of other savory notes like caramel and molasses plus a little pepper and spice. And while it may not be super complex, it certainly makes a rich and savory statement that you cant help but enjoy. It ends with more rich fruit and vanilla notes that last for a long time. We found it to be just as good on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130516"",  ""title"" : ""2008 St. Francis Old Vine Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/st-francis-old-vine-zinfandel.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
618,"  100% Organic Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $15 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Twig Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle:""It shows a brilliant red color. Aromas of raspberry tart and pencil shavings follow through on a soft, supple entry to a dryish medium body with nice balance and purity. Finishes in a lingering chocolate covered roasted almond with juicy tannins. 100% Organic Malbec grapes.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the first of several well be reviewing from Twigs Wines, an organic winery over 100 years old in Mendoza, Argentina. You know a winery has been around for awhile when they still use horses to till the vineyard! (They do this mainly because the rows of vines were planted very close together a long time ago when horses were still used to do this job.) Of course, doing things the old-fashioned way isnt always the best way so lets check out just how todays wine tastes!   The 2008 Twigs Reserva Malbec begins with aromas of plum and lavender as well as some baking spice. The wine tastes more earthy than fruity with a smooth and silky texture. Even though its quite earthy it still manages to be rather juicy at the same time. More fruit comes through on the finish along with a hint of spice and then lots of chocolate notes. Quite an intriguing wine thats hard to describe but easy to like. And it gets even better as it has some time to breathe.  I saw one other reviewer say that while it was good, it was not ""varietally correct"", something we dont prescribe to here at The Reverse Wine Snob. Either its good or its not -- by holding wines up to a standard for each grape you inevitably discourage innovation. (Besides, who sets the standard?) Plus I maintain that the vast, vast majority of wine drinkers could really care less if a wine is so-called ""varietally correct"", they just want to know if it tastes good! And the Twigs Reserva Malbec does indeed taste quite good.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""07062012"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Twigs Reserva Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
619,"   A full-bodied beauty crying out for a steak.   100% Malbec from Alto Agrelo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $16.  From the bottle: ""Anoro in Spanish refers to the act of reminiscing or dreaming of a special time in ones past. For us, it means creating something that we once only dreamed of. Inspired by garagiste winemakers, we craft our vinos del garage in a new world style with old world tradition.   Our Malbec comes from high elevation vineyards nestled in the foothills of the Andes. These vines were planted in alluvial soils that are low in nutrients, forcing the development of extensive root systems and allowing the Malbec grape to adapt and thrive like nowhere else in the world.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Vine Connections, the importers behind the excellent BenMarco Cabernet Sauvignon. You may remember that wine ended up on our most recent Top 10 Red Wines Under $20 list, so we were eager to sample another from their portfolio. (And this wont be the last of their wines we cover -- well have plenty more to come from this specialist in Argentine wine.)  The 2009 Anoro Malbec begins with aromas of dark red fruit, vanilla, violets and lots of leather. Very nice and it gets even better with some air. This full-bodied wine tastes smooth and bold but it features a lot of oak so give it plenty of time to breathe. Youll also find lots of delicious black cherry flavors, a little vanilla that carries through from the bouquet and good firm tannins. This wine is crying out to be paired with a steak. The finish is dry with good length and the fruit turns a bit tangy.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130322"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Anoro Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/anoro-malbec-2009.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
620,"  75% Malbec, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Syrah, and 5% Tannat. Sample received courtesy of The Hess Collection for review purposes. SRP is $17, but widely available for $14-$15.  From the bottle:Amalaya means ""hope for a miracle"" in the native language of the Colchaqui Valley indigenous people. This high altitude wine of Argentinas northwestern wine capital, Cafayate, captures the spirit of a long tradition of harvesting the land and giving thanks to mother earth or ""Pachamama"". The valleys unique soil and microclimate, 5,580 ft above sea level, allows for low yielding vineyards which produce high quality, densely colored grapes. The dominant aromas in our Amalaya Malbec blend are red cherry and boysenberry with nuances of flowers and white pepper, while the palate is full and long with hints of vanilla. The finish is persistent with soft tannins making the wine approachable and best served at 65° F with pasta, red and white meats or flavorful cheeses. Enjoy now or cellar for 2-3 years. 14.0% alcoholI believe this is the first wine Ive tried that included the Tannat grape so I was curious to find out more. It turns out this grape originally comes from France and is now considered the national grape of Uruguay. Tannat is one of the easiest varietals to grow and produces grapes with thick skins that lead to very tannic wines. Interestingly, Tannat has the highest concentration of OPCs, a compound some believe to be the source of red wines health benefits. Proponents say the evidence of this is that the Madiran area of France where this grape has traditionally been grown has the double the national average of men in their 90s! (Info taken from here and here.)  But lets get on to the wine, shall we? The 2009 Bodega Colomé Amalaya exhibits ripe fruit (blueberry?), floral scents, and some pepper on the nose. The palate shows cherries, and a bit of tobacco with prominent but smooth tannins and a nice finish. The Cabernet, Syrah, and Tannat give this wine an added sophistication that goes beyond your standard Malbec. Definitely a wine to seek out and give a try!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110505"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Bodega Colomé Amalaya"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
621,"  2010 Bouké Rosé and 2009 Bouké White Wines from Long Island, New York.   Sample received courtesy Bouké Wines for review purposes.  Wine from Long Island? When Bouké sent me these wines, I have to admit that I was intrigued and maybe a little skeptical. I was familiar with wine from the Finger Lakes area of New York but had no idea there were any vineyards in Long Island. (Although I should have known as it seems as if there is a winery just about everywhere now.) So lets see how these wines measure up! First, the 2009 Bouké White Wine.   41% Chardonnay, 21% Gewurztraminer, 20% Pinot Gris, 18% Sauvignon Blanc. 12.5% Alcohol. SRP of $19 and available for as low as $15. (And to be fair, the Gewurztraminer and Pinot Gris grapes came from a vineyard in the Finger Lakes.)  The 2009 Bouké White Wine begins with aromas of green apple, pear, honey and maybe a little pineapple. This is a medium-light-bodied wine that tastes fresh, with green apple, pear, and citrus flavors with a little mango and honey as well. There is also some nice underlying minerality. The finish is also quite good with a little spice coming through at the end. An easy drinker.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next is the 2010 Bouké Rosé.  55% Cabernet Sauvignon and 45% Merlot. 12.5% Alcohol. SRP of $15.99 and available for as low as $14.99.  The 2010 Bouké Rosé starts with aromas of strawberry and raspberry. The wine smells sweet and fruity with a little underlying earthiness. The taste of the wine is similar but the earthiness comes through a little stronger especially on the finish which gives it pretty good balance. Fresh and light-to-medium-bodied.      See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
622,"   An Economical Nebbiolo?  100% Nebbiolo from Langhe, Piedmont, Italy.  Available for as low as $15.   From the bottle: ""Vanilla overtones with evident varietal fruit showing clearly; full-bodied, elegant, persistent. At its very best with mushroom risotto, game, grilled and roast meats and mature cheeses.  13.5% Alcohol""How can a wine labeled ""An Everyday Italian"" on The Reverse Wine Snob possibly be a Nebbiolo? After all Nebbiolo is recognized and loved as perhaps the most noble of all grapes and it normally carries the corresponding price tag. One of the most frequent questions I get from wine lovers is whether I have found ANY drinkable Nebbiolo under $20, much less the really delicious stuff. So just how does todays wine manage to keep its price so low?  The reason is all in the location. Wines from Nebbiolo dAlba dont have the same stringent requirements (or the same name recognition) as its more famous counterparts Barolo and Barbaresco. For example, wines from Nebbiolo dAlba only require one year of aging, as opposed to three years for Barolo and 2 years for Barbaresco. And while you likely wont mistake todays wine for either of those two, it is definitely a nice Nebbiolo that delivers excellent value.  The 2009 Cantine San Silvestro Brumo Nebbiolo dAlba begins with a great aroma of strawberry and other red fruit plus a good dose of anise and red licorice. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals silky tannins and flavors similar to the bouquet: juicy red fruit plus wonderful layers of spice along with anise, red licorice notes and a little black pepper. Add in a dry, long finish of spicy licorice, even more red fruit and some lingering toasty notes and you have a really tasty Nebbiolo that you can afford to drink everyday!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121129"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Cantine San Silvestro Brumo Nebbiolo dAlba"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/cantine-san-silvestro-brumo-nebbiolo.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
623," ﻿﻿    Marketing to the rescue! ﻿﻿   A blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot and Cabernet Franc from Castillon, Cotes de Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Bordeaux Wine Council for review purposes.  From the winery: ""The Compostelle range is the perfect companion for haute cuisine, with a commitment to wine storage that develops more complexity.  These wines are made with grapes from a careful plot selection, harvested by hand. These pre-selected wines receive care in terms of increased thinning and selective de-budding. The average age of the vines is over 30 years. The maturity levels are followed by tasting the grapes.  These wines are under special care at maturation level. We chose to do so with barrels of wine from Bordeaux properties that demonstrate a strong commitment to their choice of wood and coopers (Laffite Rothschild, Smith Haut Lafitte, Pope Clement for red, and Château d’Yquem for white wine). A rigorous breeding selection is conducted to reveal the richness of the juices without creating outrageously woody notes.  These wines show the potential of our region to match the best appellations. Selected by many gourmet restaurants and sommeliers these bottles will accompany all of your festive meetings.  14.5% Alcohol""Cotes de Bordeaux is a relatively new appellation in the Bordeaux region of France having been created just a few years ago from four existing appellations. Today it accounts for 14% of the total production of Bordeaux wines.   Essentially four different appellations in Bordeaux decided to band together to market their wines, rightly assuming there is strength in numbers. All of these regions are on the outskirts of Bordeaux and as such tended to be overshadowed by the more famous regions and producers within the area. Lucky for us they also tend to have more modest prices which makes Cotes de Bordeaux a perfect spot for Reverse Wine Snobs!  The 2009 Chateau Cote Montpezat Cuvee Compostelle begins with a very nice aroma of blackberry, raspberry, plum, vanilla and a little dark chocolate. The wine tastes of lots of oaky and toasty spice, dark ripe fruit and a bit of vanilla. Give it some some time to open up and the oakiness subsides revealing quite a nice wine. This medium- to full-bodied wine also has a good velvety texture with chewy tannins. It ends dry and spicy with lingering tobacco and coffee notes.  Also check out our post on Budget Bordeaux - Six Bordeaux Wines For $10 or Less.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121106"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Chateau Cote Montpezat Cuvee Compostelle"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/chateau-cote-montpezat-cuvee-compostelle.html"" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
624,"  100% Carménère from Peumo Vineyard, Rapel Valley, Chile.  SRP of $20 but available for as low as $15.99. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle:""D.O. Peumo - Chile  This Carmenere is from our historic Peumo vineyards situated above the north bank of the Rapel Vallets Cachopoal River. Strikingly elegant aromas of ripe dark fruits, spices and black pepper abound while the sixteen months in French oak lend further delicious chocolate and vanilla notes. Sweet, round tannins draw out the voluptuous finish.  14.0% Alcohol""Since we have young children we end up drinking most of our wine on its own after they have gone to bed. As such, were not big on getting the absolute right food pairing -- we like a wine that tastes good on its own. And were not alone on that, recent surveys have shown that more Americans than not tend to drink wine apart from food, a fact that certainly throws the French into a tizzy. However, this is the second Carménère from Concha y Toro we have tried, and much like the first, it is a wine that makes you crave a steak. A match made in heaven, really.   The 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère begins with a subdued but good nose featuring aromas of plum, black cherry, blackberry, spice and vanilla. The wine tastes of dark fruit flavors, licorice and a little vanilla. This is big wine with a smooth, silky, rich texture that opens up nicely with a little air. The long finish features lots of oaky spice but it doesnt get out of balance. A very satisfying wine on its own, and Im guessing it would be fabulous with a steak.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111027"",  ""title"" : ""Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concho Carménère 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Tour of Chile Series 1) 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère 2) 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 3) 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 4) 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère 5) 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 6) 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 7) 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère 8) 2007 Haras de Pirque Character   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
625,"   Now this is my kind of Beaujolais!  100% Gamay from Morgon, Beaujolais, France.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $15.  From the bottle: ""Full, rich, palate-pleasing flavors of cherries and kirsch personify this domaine Cru.   13.0% Alcohol""I have to admit that Im not a fan of the whole Beaujolais Nouveau phenomenon, although I will concede that it is brilliant marketing. Todays wine, on the other hand, comes from the largest of the Beaujolais Cru and is a different matter entirely. But before we get to that, for more info on Beaujolais and the Cru sytem check out these two previous posts: Georges Duboeuf Beaujolais-Villages 2011 - A Strawberry-Banana Jam-a-rama! Georges Duboeuf Brouilly 2011 - Simple, Jammy and Good The 2009 Georges Duboeuf Morgon Domaine des Versauds Beaujolais begins with abundant and pleasing aromas of red berry fruit (strawberry, cherry), black raspberry and a bit of black pepper and mint. Tasting the wine reveals lots of juicy fruit on top of some good underlying earthiness. This is a very smooth wine with a dense structure and soft tannins. It ends dry with the fruit turning a bit sour and a bit of minerality coming through as well. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130113"",  ""title"" : ""2009 George Duboeuf Morgon Domaine des Versauds Beaujolais"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/georges-duboeuf-morgon-domaine-des-versauds-beaujolais.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
626,"   This tasty Zin is calling you.   94% Zinfandel, 4% Syrah and 2% Petite Sirah from Sonoma Valley, California.  SRP of $25 and purchased for $17. 554 cases produced.   From the bottle: ""Jack London wrote of wolves and men. This wolfhead was his bookplate logo for such novels as Call of the Wild, Seawolf and Martin Eden. In 1913, he wrote of this hillside vineyard at his ranch in Glen Ellen, California:  I ride over my beautiful ranch. Between my legs is a beautiful horse. The air is wine. The grapes on a score of rolling hills are red with autumn flame. Across Sonoma Mountain, wisps of sea fog are stealing. The afternoon sun smolders in the drowsy sky. I have everything to make me glad I am alive...  14.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Kenwood Jack London Vineyard Zinfandel needs a little time to open up but when it does it has quite an expressive nose of black cherry, blackberry, vanilla, black licorice, a little mint and a hint of bramble. Tasting reveals lots of rich and slightly sweet fruit that lasts all the way through the long finish. This wine is very smooth with soft tannins and thus very easy to drink. A little black licorice, oak and sweet spice rounds things out. It ends dry with more long lasting fruit. Try it with a burger.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140124"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Kenwood Jack London Vineyard Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/kenwood-jack-london-vineyard-zinfandel.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
627,"   Theres tons of value in this Cabernet Sauvignon from Chile.   90% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Malbec from Colchauga Valley, Chile.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review. 12,000 cases produced. Imported by Quintessential Wines.  From the bottle: ""The name Koyle comes from a native Chilean plant which grows in oak forests and that produces a beautiful purple flower as well as a greatly desired fruit. This endangered species is found abundantly in our vineyards located in Alto Colchagua.  Vina Koyle is in the hands of the sixth generation of a Chilean winemaking family tradition started by Don Francisco Undurraga in 1885.  Cristobal Undurraga, our winemaker and viticulturist, has carefully selected the best grapes, which after being hand harvested as well as selected by hand, are vinified in small lots and then aged in French oak barrels for 12 months.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Koyle Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of dark fruit, lots of coffee and a little licorice. Tasting the wine reveals more licorice and other earthy flavors like leather and dried herbs along with some black cherry. Spicy notes lead into the long dry finish which also has lingering coffee and tobacco notes. A great one for fans of less fruity wines.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = { ""id"" : ""5501784"", ""unique_id"" : ""20130925"", ""title"" : ""2009 Koyle Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon"", ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/koyle-reserva-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
628,"  55% Shiraz and 45% Cabernet Sauvignon from South Australia.  SRP of $15 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Marquee Selections for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Marquee Selections proudly presents our Australian Organic Wine Range. No chemical sprays or additives have been used to produce this wine, allowing you to taste the true flavour of our grapes as nature intended.  Shiraz is ""king"" of the red grapes in Australia and Cabernet Sauvignon the ""king"" worldwide. This famous Australian blend emphasizes the balance of both these regal varieties.  Concentrated raspberry from Shiraz (55%) with blackberries and mint from Cabernet (45%) showcase a luxurious mouth feel.  13.9% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from a new brand and label from Marquee Selections which specializes in finding really delicious organic wines from all over the world. There will be other wines coming in this line, but you may remember Marquee Selections as the people responsible for such wines as the Caligiore Reserve Malbec which is currently on the Top 10 list.  The 2009 Marquee Organic Shiraz Cabernet begins with a very strong aroma of plum as well as some other dark berries and a bit of cinnamon spice. The wine tastes of some jammy fruit (black cherry and plum) but not nearly as much as the aroma suggests. It also some good tannins and a little bit of leather. The wine ends with a nice burst of spice that lasts a long time along with plum and black cherry notes. Make sure you give this one a good amount of time to really open up to appreciate it at its best.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120207"",  ""title"" : ""Marquee Organic Shiraz Cabernet 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
629," The most expensive Chardonnay in the competition vies for a top ranking. Chardonnay Showdown Post #9    100% Chardonnay aged 10 months in French oak barrels. SRP of $20 but should be widely available for around $16. Sample received courtesy Rodney Strong Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""STYLE: Fermented in French Oak, this Chardonnay displays yellow apple and pie spice flavors, with a hint of mineral on the long, creamy finish. PLACE: Located in the middle of Sonoma County, overlaying the Eastern section of Russian River Valley, Chalk Hills ashen soils lend a distinctive mineral character to Chardonnay grown here. 13.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Rodney Strong Estate Vineyards Chalk Hill Chardonnay exhibits a subdued nose of predominantly apple with some creamy vanilla notes. The wine tastes of apple, pear, lemon, spice, and lots of oak, which is a bit on the toasted side. Overall a very flavorful wine. The finish is medium long with a nice spiciness to it while the cream and apple flavors flow through. This wine even got a little better on day 2 so dont be afraid to give it some air. I was a little worried about the amount of oak before tasting this wine, but it definitely works. A strong contender!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110630"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Rodney Strong Chalk Hill Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
630,"  50% Merlot and 50% Cabernet Sauvignon from Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Terlato Wines International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Chateau Timberlay Rosé has been produced from 4 hectares of Estate vineyards and is certified as ecologically friendly by the independent organization Terra Vitis. This blend of 50% Merlot and 50% Cabernet Sauvignon offers charming and fresh fruit aromas and inviting flavors. Enjoy chilled.  13.0% Alcohol""Early August already...where has the time gone? However, its definitely still rosé weather for most of us so take advantage while you can. Today we have another excellent one, this time from Bordeaux.  The 2010 Chateau Timberlay Bordeaux Clairet begins with a very bright and fruity aroma of strawberry, raspberry and grape. The best way to describe it is that it features lots and lots of pure fruit. That continues when tasting this sweet and easy to drink wine. This is a wine for those who like a little more sugar in their rosé but is still nowhere near White Zin level. The fruit is a bit tangy and tart when tasting. It ends with a little zest on the good finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120808"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Chateau Timberlay Bordeaux Clairet"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
631,"  Cabernet Sauvignon Rosé from Listac-Medoc, Bordeaux, France.  SRP of $16 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Bordeaux Wine Council for review purposes.  From the winery: ""Beautiful light pink color with a nose of elegant fragrances of raspberries and lime. In the mouth: full and mellow. Harmony and freshness prevail.  This wine is an easy-drinking wine as an aperitif or for any light summer meal. It can also be paired with salads, fish, chicken, Italian food or even Chinese and Indian meals.  13.0% Alcohol""Summer may be winding down, but that doesnt mean you have to stop drinking rosé. Probably the biggest eye opener for me over the last 6 months or so is just how much delicious rosé is out there. And today we have one more, this time from Bordeaux.  The 2010 Le Rosé de Clarke Baron Edmond de Rothschild Bordeaux Rosé begins with an enticing bouquet of raspberry, strawberry, light lime and floral aromas. Tasting the wine reveals good fruit flavors plus a bit of spice and sea salt mineral notes. It also a nice lively mouthfeel and good acidity. The fruit turns a bit tart and zesty on the finish while the sea salt minerality lingers for quite awhile. A fresh, refreshing and delicious wine that is great on its own or an easy match for lots of different foods. We matched it up with some grilled bratwurst and it was quite nice! This wine is also kosher.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120907"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Le Rosé de Clarke Baron Edmond de Rothschild Bordeaux Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/le-rose-de-clarke-baron-rothschild-bordeaux.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
632,"  100% Gewurztraminer from Alsace, France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our Gewurztraminer Reserve is made from our best selection of this delicious Alsace varietal. Bursting with the aroma of honey, red roses and tropical fruit, yet dry and rich on the palate, this wine is lovely on a warm afternoon by itself or paired in a meal with spicy foods. It is remarkable with dishes made from curry.  Maison Lucien Albrecht was founded in 1425 in Alsace and settled in Orschwihr in 1698. Today, our winery remains family-owned and managed. Our estate includes some of the most prestigious Alsace terroirs in the Grand Cru Pfingsberg and several superb monopoles including the famous Clos des Récollets. In our vineyards we emphasize a harmony with nature and, in our cellars minimal intervention in order to produce, in each vintage, hand-crafted wines that represent our terroir and family heritage.  13.0% Alcohol""Gewurztraminer (pronounced guh-VURTZ-trah-mean-er) is a grape that is high in natural sugar and as such typically produces relatively sweet wines (slightly sweeter than a Riesling). Thanks to its wonderful sweetness this variety is great with spicy Asian food. And supposedly, the best place for Gewurztraminer is Alsace, France where it is the second most planted grape and just happens to be where todays wine from Lucien Albrecht originates.   The 2010 Lucien Albrecht Gewurztraminer Reserve begins with deliciously sweet aromas of honey, lemon, tropical fruit and a little spice. The wine tastes similar to the bouquet with the addition of a good dose of peach and a little melon. This is a nice, rich, almost thick wine with a full and smooth mouthfeel. The sweet finish shows a little minerality as well. Really just a delicious drink and one that I think could be quite popular with the Moscato madness crowd.  You may also remember Lucien Albrecht from our Holiday Sparklers series on sparkling wines where we reviewed their delicious white and rosé sparkling wine.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120301"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Lucien Albrecht Gewurztraminer Reserve"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
633,"   An up-and-coming wine region produces another winner.   Riesling from Cheviot Hills, North Canterbury, New Zealand.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $16. 655 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Inspired by a bold vision from David and Leigh Teece, the picturesque Mt Beautiful vineyard is located in an intriguing new wine region - Cheviot Hills, North Canterbury, in the South Island of New Zealand.  Sheltered from the cool ocean breezes by the nearby Mt Beautiful, the vines grace north-facing slopes of coastal foothills. Here, the warm, dry climate and alluvial silt loam soils are ideal for growing the highest quality grapes.  11.5% Alcohol""North Canterbury is a relatively new, up-and-coming subregion of the larger Canterbury region in New Zealand. According to Wine-Searcher the Canterbury region as a whole is a similar distance from the Equator as Tuscany; however, the influence of the Pacific Ocean creates very cool nights while winds from the Southern Alps help provide warmth. The result is a unique growing climate.  Of course, we already know this area can produce great wine -- just take a look at our current list of Top 10 Red Wines Under $20. Sitting at #1 youll find the Mount Beautiful North Canterbury Pinot Noir which comes from these very same vineyards. Lets see how the Riesling stacks up.  The 2010 Mt. Beautiful North Canterbury Riesling begins with pleasant aromas of honeysuckle, lime, apple and citrus. The apple and citrus noted continue when tasting this off dry wine that features an absolutely excellent texture and mouthfeel. Youll also find touches of tangerine, tropical fruit and balanced acidity. The finish features just a hint of minerality under all the tasty fruit. Delicious!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140617"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Mt. Beautiful North Canterbury Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/mt-beautiful-north-canterbury-riesling.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
634,"  100% Chardonnay from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $22 and available around $15. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This elegant chardonnay was sourced from the cooler regions of Napa Valley where the grapes slowly develop flavors green apple, apricot and citrus blossom. Hints of toasty oak and subtle caramel highlight the finish. Delicious on its own, but is a classic complement to seafood, poultry or pork dishes.  14.1% Alcohol""Napa Cellars has become one of our favorite labels here at The Reverse Wine Snob. With multiple entries on our Top 10 lists, every wine weve tried has over-delivered for the price. So far weve tasted the Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and the Zinfandel, but today we are trying our first white wine from Napa Cellars.  The 2010 Napa Cellars Napa Valley Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of green apples and buttered toast plus a little spice and vanilla. When tasting the wine you can definitely tell that it spent some time in oak (7 months in 36% new French oak) but it is far from overdone. The wine tastes crisp, juicy and creamy with flavors of pear, apple, lemon, plus a little tropical fruit and vanilla. It ends with long, lingering toasty toffee flavors but before that some mineral notes come through along with creamy and custard like fruit. Excellent.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120802"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Napa Cellars Napa Valley Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
635," A full-bodied, creamy Chardonnay that brings an unusual scent to mind. Chardonnay Showdown Post #7   100% Chardonnay from California. Partial aging in French oak for 5 months. SRP of $14 with wide availability. Sample received courtesy Michael David Winery for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""With so many sins committed, Michael and Davids consciences were starting to wear thin. There must be a way to repent of all our sins!? With redemption in mind, the two brothers thought long and hard for a way to clean the slate for their forsaken past. At first thought, confession seemed just. On second thought, a Chardonnay seemed to be the fix - a Heavenly Chardonnay at that. Seven Heavenly Chardonnay serves as a sister bottling to the Seven Deadly Zins. Needless to say, Mike and Dave have been redeemed! 14.5% Alcohol""As I mentioned in the lead, this is a full-bodied and creamy Chardonnay...but what is the unusual scent, you may be asking? Well, I didnt get this, but the two moms that sniffed this wine (my wife and her friend) immediately caught the unmistakable smell of A&D ointment! Neither were put off by it, and in fact, liked the wine a lot, but as moms of young kids they know this aroma all too well. And if you think about, what could be more heavenly than babies!  In addition to the A&D, the 2010 Seven Heavenly Chardonnay showed aromas of pear, ripe fruit, and a little caramel. The taste is creamy with lemon-pineapple custard, and pear flavors with a fair amount of oak. The creamy lemon finish also showed a nice counterbalance of white pepper. The wine held up just fine on day 2. A great full-bodied Chardonnay that may just make the moms a little nostalgic!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110628"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Seven Heavenly Chardonnay Michael David Winery"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
636,"  100% Pinot Grigio from Fleurieu Peninsula, Australia. SRP of $15 and available at that price.  Sample received courtesy Old Bridge Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Zontes Footstep has been on a quest to find and grow the worlds best white varieties for more than a decade. Our Pinot Grigio is named Doctoressa di Lago, or Lake Doctor, as the vineyard is on the shores of Lake Alexandrina where, each summer afternoon, the house cooling breeze of our Doctoressa di Lago arrives and revives vines and vignerons alike.  Zontes Footstep is named after a 19th century Zante currant vineyard as new pairings follow the original footstep. The currant business dried up, but Zontes Footstep became our blueprint...  In 2003 a group of mates pooled old white utes and new-ish tractors to grow the best grapes from the best vineyards. All we want to do is taste our fruit in our wine, so we charged our reigning winemaker, Mr. Ben Riggs, with one goal; to make wine true to vineyard so long as it is bloody good drink!  The Doctoressa di Lago Pinot Grigio vineyard is on a 40 million year old alluvialplain, nestled between two rivers adjacent to Lake Alexandrina, upstream from the River Murrays sea mouth. It is an oasis in a cool desert with vines planted on their own roots, in maritime red sands that sit over pre-Cambrian Limestone and is ideal for growing grapes.  The truth is out there in the vineyard, but the proof is in this bottle.  12.5% Alcohol""The Doctoress di Lago is not your average Pinot Grigio. I enjoy a good Pinot Grigio now and then but a lot of times they leave me wanting more. Not so with this wine. Much like the excellent Zontes Footstep Scarlet Ladybird Rosé the Doctoress di Lago offers much more than expected.   The 2010 Zontes Footstep Doctoress di Lago Pinot Grigio exhibits aromas of citrus, pear, floral, and green apple. The wine tastes of pear, melon, and a bit of spice. This is a crisp wine with nice acidity and a good juicy flavor. The spice really comes through strong on the long finish, which also features some minerality. The Doctoress di Lago has a really nice mix of fruit flavor and spice that elevates it above the norm. Definitely not your Mothers Pinot Grigio.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110907"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Zontes Footstep Doctoress di Lago"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
637,"   Rebelling against the ordinary.   62% Syrah, 28% Petit Verdot and 10% Malbec from Margarita Vineyard, Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $24 and available for as low as $16. 4,021 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The 2011 Renegade comes from our estate Margarita Vineyard on the historic Santa Margarita Ranch. From missionaries to gunslingers, roughriders to outlaws, a colorful cast of characters has traversed the ranch’s rugged terrain since the 18th century. In that spirit, we have made an intensely flavored blend that pushes the envelope and resists conformity, adding an adventurous twist to our family of wines. Defiantly bold and daringly elegant—this is Renegade.  13.9% Alcohol""Paso Robles, one of Californias largest AVAs, is an area that we admittedly have not covered enough here at The Reverse Wine Snob. The region lies just south of Monterey County and north of Edna Valley (the home of yesterdays Pinot Noir). Todays wine comes from the southernmost vineyard in the region, right next to the Santa Lucia Mountain Range.  The 2011 Ancient Peaks Winery Margarita Vineyard Renegade begins with beautiful berry, spice, vanilla and floral notes along with intriguing hints of licorice, pepper, tobacco and bacon. The wine tastes smooth and substantial (after a good decant) with really delicious dark fruit and baking spice. There are also hints of cola, licorice and leather in this well balanced wine. It ends dry and long with tart fruit, tobacco and even a few earthy notes.    See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140619"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Ancient Peaks Winery Margarita Vineyard Renegade"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/ancient-peaks-winery-margarita-vineyard-renegade.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
638,"   Blackberry, licorice and spice.   83% Syrah, 12% Grenache and 5% Mourvedre from Coteaux du Languedoc, France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Esprit Du Vin.   From the bottle: ""Syrah (85%), Grenache Noir (10%) and Mourvedre (5%) aged in oak barrels for 10 months.  The historic slopes of the Coteaux du Languedoc contain many fossil remains in addition to rich deposits of humus making the vineyards ideal for producing some of the finest wines from all of France. The beautiful Clos des Mures is an actual walled vineyard dating back to the middle of the 20th century in which the classic blend of Syrah, Grenache and Mourvedre reveals both boldness and charm! May this wine bring you great pleasure. A Votre Sante.  14.5% Alcohol""As the label says, the vineyard Clos des Mures is an actual walled vineyard. Exactly why it is walled, Im not sure but after tasting the wine it wouldnt surprise me to learn that it was protection against anyone trying to pilfer its prime grapes. The vineyard is named after the wild blackberry, or mures bushes that grow around it. It is now owned by Domaines Paul Mas who has worked to acquire and update many high quality vineyards and is a name to look for in the Languedoc.  The 2011 Chateau Paul Mas Clos des Mures Coteaux du Languedoc begins with a bit of barnyard on the nose (or French funk as I like to affectionately call it) but dont let that scare you off. Youll also find blackberry, plum, a little spice and a hint of chocolate. The wine tastes juicy and smooth with a bit of a chewy texture and features tart dark fruit, licorice and a bit of oaky spice. It ends dry and a bit astringent with good length. I really enjoyed this one.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = { ""id"" : ""5501784"", ""unique_id"" : ""20130924"", ""title"" : ""2011 Chateau Paul Mas Clos des Mures"", ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/chateau-paul-mas-clos-des-mures.html"" };     Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+ to get more great content like this:  (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
639,"   Tired of your Chardonnay being kidnapped by oak?  100% Chardonnay from Hawkes Bay, North Island, New Zealand.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Craggy Range is a family owned winery specialising in the production of expressive single vineyard wines. The Kidnappers Vineyard is spectacularly located at Te Awanga near Cape Kidnappers. It was named when Captain Cooks cabin boy was taken, then returned, by the local tribes people. Sheep once grazed the land before its potential for grapes was realised by its owners, the Hursthouse and Caseley families. Overlooking the Pacific Ocean the vineyard enjoys warm summers tempered by the cooling sea breeze. The cool yet sunny environment allows the development of intense Chardonnay flavours in the grapes that we captured using traditional winemaking techniques. A modern New World expression of pure Chardonnay.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Craggy Range Kidnappers Vineyard Hawkes Bay Chardonnay begins with a very nice aroma of lemon and pear with a hint of vanilla. It smells slightly creamy which makes me think it might be a bit oaky but tasting the wine reveals that fruit leads the way. The primary flavors are apple, pear, citrus and some nice tropical fruit flavors that become more pronounced on the finish. This wine also features a great rich and even a bit chalky texture with nice mineral and spice notes that linger in the mouth for a good long time. Excellent!  Also be sure to check out the Craggy Range Te Muna Road Martinborough Sauvignon Blanc 2010 - Now This Is A Sauvignon Blanc! and the Craggy Range Te Kahu Gimblett Gravels Vineyard Proprietary Red 2009 - Proof That New Zealand Offers A Lot More Than Sauvignon Blanc also from Craggy Range.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130204"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Craggy Range Kidnappers Vineyard Hawkes Bay Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/craggy-range-kidnappers-vineyard-hawkes-bay-chardonnay.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
640,"   Tangy, tart and tasty.  Gruner Veltliner from Monterey County, California.  SRP of $18 and available for $15. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Rava Blackjack vineyard is ideally situated on a hillside overlooking the fertile Monterey Valley where the vines are cooled by the brisk coastal breezes and abundant Pacific fog. The result is a dry, flavorful Gruner Veltliner with hints of stone and citrus fruits complimented by gentle spices. Enjoy!  13.5% Alcohol""Its a fairly common thing in the wine world for varieties that are indigenous to one area to be taken and planted in another, and thats a good thing. Sometimes they work (Malbec in Argentina) and sometimes they dont (Nebbiolo just about anywhere besides Piedmont, Italy). So today we have a variety, Gruner Veltliner, that is primarily grown in and very closely associated with Austria. Youll remember that weve reviewed a few Austrian Gruners in our Awesome Austrians series. But todays wine is one of the few Gruner Veltliners that is grown in California. So how did this transcontinental transfer turn out?   The 2011 Darcie Kent Gruner Veltliner Rava Blackjack certainly smells like a Gruner! It begins with pleasant aromas of lime, tangerine, a little pineapple and white pepper. Tasting the wine reveals lots of tangy and tart fruit that is nicely sweet. The flavors are similar to the bouquet -- citrus and tropical fruit. It doesnt necessarily taste the same as a Gruner from Austria, but it is similar and it is quite good. It ends dry with good length and more tart fruit continuing for a good time. I like it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130207"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Darcie Kent Gruner Veltliner Rava Blackjack"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/darcie-kent-gruner-veltliner-rava-blackjack.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
641," Find our other recommended wines from the Plonk Wine Club here.  Find all our Wine Club Reviews here.     The 2011 La Baronne Coste-Lise Corbieres and the 2011 Martian Ranch Local Group Grenache Noir.   As part of our ongoing effort to not only find great wine, but also the best places to buy that wine weve been endeavoring to review a number of wine club programs. First up was Club W followed by NakedWines. Today we take a look at the Plonk Wine Club.  Plonk Wine Club focuses on small, hard to find artisanal producers. This is a wine club for the adventurous wine drinker who has eclectic tastes and enjoys trying wines you wont find at your local store. The monthly club features both 2 and 4 bottle programs that offer red wines only, white wines only, or mixed. The cost is $90 per month for 4 wines shipped to your door, slightly above our normal $20 cut-off (which is why were covering this as a Saturday Splurge) but such is the premium you pay when you are buying wine from small producers.   Of course the real test is the quality of the wines, so lets take a look at a couple I received in a recent sample shipment.     Good plonk!  First up is the 2011 La Baronne Coste-Lise Corbieres, a blend of 50% Carignan, 30% Syrah and 20% Mourvedre from Corbieres, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It has very limited availability on Wine-Searcher for around $15. 2,500 cases produced.  From the bottle:  ""Family estate located in the Languedoc, South of France. Through their wines, the Ligneres translate their passion and respect for the vineyard and for its surrounding land by natural farming methods, avoiding the use of pesticides, herbicides, insecticides and chemical fertilizers.. 100% Hand harvested. Indigenous yeasts. No fining. No filtration.  14% Alcohol""The 2011 La Baronne Coste-Lise Corbieres begins with a really beautiful and fruity aroma of red and black cherry and black raspberry along with a hint of mint and anise. Just be sure to give it some time to breathe to get the best results. Tasting reveals loads more juicy fruit wrapped up in a smooth and savory texture and a nice bit of spice. It ends dry and spicy with some light lingering mineral notes and tart fruit.  Find our other recommended wines from the Plonk Wine Club here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy    Out of this world.  Next up is the 2011 Martian Ranch Local Group Grenache Noir, a blend of 84% Grenache Noir, 9% Mourvedre, 4% Syrah and 2% Grenache Blanc from Santa Barbara County, California. It has very limited availability on Wine-Searcher at an average price of $25. 450 cases produced.  From the winery: “Locals Only” is the rallying cry for this Grenache Noir. It makes up quite an area code, however, going beyond our own Los Alamos motto, “93440, Can you dig it?” The Local Group takes up a bit more space, is a bit more far reaching. In celestial terms, the Local Group is the group of galaxies that includes, among many others, the Earths own Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy. In the Martian Universe, whatʼs a few galaxies among friends? Local Group isnʼt available in Andromeda yet, but there are plans afoot. Meanwhile, enjoy it here, or there, or just about anywhere the Locals will allow.The 2011 Martian Ranch Local Group Grenache Noir begins with pleasant aromas of plum, a streak of red berry fruit, lots of musty earth and a hint of olive. The wine tastes smooth and nicely balanced with juicy dark fruit, a little tobacco and plenty more earthy notes. It also has great complexity and a long dry finish featuring toasty oak and tobacco. Excellent!  Find our other recommended wines from the Plonk Wine Club here. Saturday Splurge  This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
642,"   Beautiful bottles filled with tasty wine!   Today we have a couple of brand new wines from South Africa that initially stand out thanks to their unique labels (actually ink fused directly to the glass at a high temperature). However, these two wines from Protea (PROH-tee-uh) offer a lot more than just a pretty face. Read on to find out just what we thought about what is inside these unique bottles...    2011 Protea Red First up is the 2011 Protea Red which is a blend of 65% Cabernet Sauvignon, 30% Merlot and 5% Shiraz from Coastal Region, South Africa. It has an SRP of $19 and is available for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""With hints of blackberry, espresso, spice.   Protea, the national flower of South Africa, is cherished for its beauty and diversity. Taking this cue, our red blend strives for great fruit, balance and juiciness, and is ready to be enjoyed now.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Protea Red begins with aromas of dark fruit, spice and a hint of pyrazine (the class of compounds that gives green pepper its distinct taste). The wine tastes really quite good with lots of dark fruit (blackberry and plum mainly), a bit of cola, some nice spice and just like the bottle says a touch of espresso. Based on some of these flavors Im surprised this wine did not see any oak - it was aged in cement vats. Just like the nose there is again a hint of green pepper. It ends with spicy dark fruit and then lingering espresso notes. We found it to be even better on day 2 so be sure to give it plenty of air.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy    2012 Protea White Next is the 2012 Protea White which is 100% Chenin Blanc from Coastal Region, South Africa. It also has an SRP of $19 and is available for as low as $14. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""With hints of pear, citrus, honeysuckle.  Protea, the national flower of South Africa, is cherished for its beauty and diversity. Taking this cue, our Chenin Blanc captures all the fresh, crisp fruit this too-often underappreciated grape has to offer.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Protea White begins with delicate aromas of honeysuckle, citrus and a touch of tropical fruit. The light-bodied wine tastes of lemon custard and tropical fruit and features a soft and smooth texture, yet still manages to maintain a crisp acidity. The tropical fruit turns a bit zesty on the medium-length finish. A very nicely done Chenin Blanc. And as an added bonus when youre all done drinking the wine check out the Protea website for some crafty ideas on what to do with these beautiful bottles!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
643,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Casablanca Valley, Chile.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Casablanca Valley is famous for Sauvignon Blanc. Its location between the rugged Pacific Coast and the soaring Andes Mountains produces wines with crisp and intense fruit flavors.  This is an elegant Sauvignon Blanc with floral, citrus and tropical fruit characters, richness on the mid-palate, and a long, smooth finish.  13.5% Alcohol""The Andes Mountains to the east. The Pacific Ocean to the west. The Atacama Desert, which is the driest on earth, to the north. Ancient glaciers to the south. Just like Chile, todays wine is unique. Usually the discussion over oaked vs unoaked centers around Chardonnay, and I have to admit that most of the Sauvignon Blanc Ive tried (from New Zealand in particular) never sees any oak at all. So how does a little oak aging affect Sauvignon Blanc? Lets find out.  The 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc begins with light pineapple, peach and floral aromas along with a touch of vanilla and butterscotch. The wine tastes rich and has some creaminess to it. It also features a bit of zesty lemon. This is a really smooth, soft and balanced wine with a long finish. Time well spent in oak in my opinion -- Id love to see more Sauvignon Blanc like this.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120501"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       Wines in the Chile Coastal Whites series: 2011 Vina Casablanca Nimbus Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild Sauvignon Blanc 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay  Also be sure to check out Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carménère!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
644,"   More Pinot Noir for the 99!   100% Pinot Noir from Marlborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Established in 1978, the Rose family estate vineyards are situated on the banks of the Wairau (Why-raow) River.  Careful crop control ensures ripe fruit, producing wine that has become renowned for exhibiting intense fruit aromas and classical elegance.  Our winery is carboNZero certified and symbolizes our companys commitment to environmental sustainability. This means that weve reduced our carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions through energy-efficient initiatives and investment in verified mitigation projects.  13.% Alcohol""You may remember our Pinot Noir For the 99 post from a few weeks back where we made the case for easy to drink Pinot Noir for under $20. While this may not be the wine that all winemakers want to make, its what most people want to drink. Today we have another Pinot Noir that falls squarely into this category.  The 2011 Wairau River Marlborough Pinot Noir begins with very pleasant aromas of cranberries, red cherry, a little smoked meat and spice. Tasting the wine reveals lots of bright, juicy raspberry, red licorice and a good amount of toasty oak that needs some time in the glass to lessen. Youll also find good acidity and a smooth texture with soft yet persistent tannins. It ends with more juicy fruit that lasts for a very long time. Excellent.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = { ""id"" : ""5501784"", ""unique_id"" : ""20130928"", ""title"" : ""2011 Wairau River Marlborough Pinot Noir"", ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/wairau-river-marlborough-pinot-noir.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
645,"   Easy to drink and easy to find, both of these wines are an easy choice.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Black Stallion Estate Winery Cabernet Sauvignon 2011 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Today weve got two delightful picks for you from Santa Barbara County in the southern part of the Californias Central Coast.    Up first is the 2012 Byron Santa Barbara County Chardonnay which is 100% Chardonnay aged in 100% French oak. It has an SRP of $17 and is available widely for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""You are here. Thats the beautiful thing about wine -- it can transport you halfway around the globe. In this case, here is Santa Barbara, a region that Byron helped pioneer decades ago. This Chardonnay is lush with notes of citrus, honey and brown spice.  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Byron Santa Barbara County Chardonnay begins with nice, fresh aromas of pear, green apple, a little spice and fig. This is quite a tasty wine with nice tangy citrus fruit, a little baking spice, honey and mineral notes. Light buttery notes lead into the finish. This one was aged in 100% French oak which is usually not my favorite style but I gotta admit this is a very nice, basic Chardonnay that is sure to please.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Next is the 2012 Byron Santa Barbara County Pinot Noir which is 100% Pinot Noir aged for 8 months in 100% French oak. It has an SRP of $20 and is available widely for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""You are here. Thats the beautiful thing about wine -- it can transport you halfway around the globe. In this case, here is Santa Barbara, a region that Byron helped pioneer decades ago. This Pinot Noir is provocative with notes of rose petal, red plum and smoke.  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Byron Santa Barbara County Pinot Noir begins with aromas of red and black cherry, strawberry, a little spice box and earth. Its quite good and its best after a couple hours of air. Tasting the wine reveals lots of juicy fruit plus a nice earthy and spicy streak that adds a lot of character. Smooth and delicious with good acidity, this is a very accessible wine. Secondary notes of oak, cola, licorice and a hint of tobacco lead into the dry, long, dark fruit and black pepper filled finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5OverallRating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
646,"   Looking for a tasty, fun and food flexible white for your holiday parties?   A blend of Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Semillon, Muscat Canelli and Viognier from Napa, Monterey, Santa Barbara and Tulare counties in California.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Conundrum White is Californias original, quality white wine blend. The grapes are largely grown along the Pacific coastline where they ripen slowly to produce a complex wine of genuine fruit intensity. Wonderful as an aperitif with cheese, or sure to please any table when paired with surf, turf or grilled veggies. Best serve chilled with friends and family.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Conundrum by Caymus White Wine begins with a very pleasant aroma chock full of orange blossom and honeysuckle floral notes, zesty citrus and a bit of tropical fruit. Tasting reveals tons of different flavors and textures that makes this a very fun blend to drink as it gives you something different with every sip. Those varied flavors range from fruity (pear, apple, apricot, line, pineapple and melon) to nutty, oaky notes to a tinge of vanilla and even a hint of minerality. Good acidity helps to make this a fairly food flexible wine. Looking for a tasty, fun and food flexible white for your holiday parties? Problem solved!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131217"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Conundrum White Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/conundrum-white-wine.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
647," Find all of our Club W wine picks here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     Smooth and fun to drink.   Pinot Noir from Edna Valley, San Luis Obispo County, California.  SRP of $19 and available for $16 at Club W. Sample submitted for review. 913 cases made.   From the winery: ""The fruit for this Pinot Noir grew among the Paragon Vineyards in Edna Valley, one of the first in the entire Central Coast to become certified in sustainable farming. The grapes were hand harvested in 24 ton loads and then fermented in stainless steel tanks after having a 2 day cold soak. For the final step in creating this elegant Pinot, the juice was aged in 100% neutral French oak barrels before bottling.  Characteristic of its warm weather climate, the Porter & Plot Pinot Noir has a sunbaked raisin fruit flavor that’s met by a blast of raspberry and a touch of black pepper. The finish is luxuriously long with an upfront kick of spice that flourishes into dense, dried fruit. This medium-bodied wine delivers a full mouthfeel that begs for a hearty, meaty dish to pair.  14.2% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the Edna Valley in San Luis Obispo County in California. Its probably an area you havent heard much about but winemaking here dates back to the early 1800s. Close to the California High Desert, the warm temperatures are regulated by the cooling ocean winds and this results in one of the longest growing seasons in all of California -- perfect for ripening Pinot Noir grapes.   The 2012 Porter and Plot Pinot Noir begins with a very pleasant, jammy aroma of extremely ripe red fruit, prunes, oak and a hint of vanilla and coffee. Tasting reveals lots of jammy black cherry, strawberry and raisin flavors along with a little black pepper and a good dose of spicy oak. It ends with a bit of spicy peppery fruit and a touch of coffee that lingers nicely. Smooth and fun to drink, this is a great pick for fans of jammy wines.  Want to find out more about Club W? Check out the post Club W - Delivering Delight and a Free Bottle of Wine as well as all of our Club W wine picks here.    Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140618"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Porter and Plot Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/porter-and-plot-pinot-noir.html"" };     This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
648,"   Another fab find from the Sierra Foothills.   83% Barbera, 13% Syrah and 4% Zinfandel from Amador County, Sierra Foothills, California.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Locations F-2 French Red by Dave Phinney 2012 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   SRP of $22 and available for as low as $16. 2,469 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Vineyard/Vintage Notes: Grown on steep mountainous terrain in the higher elevations of the Shenandoah Valley of Amador County, California.  Winemakers Notes: Produced in the Italian old world, food friendly style.  Tasting Notes: Blackberry and raspberry blend into a bright center of cola and red licorice flowing into a flavorful lingering finish.  14.5% Alcohol""As we covered in our recent review of the Coloma Meatgrinder Syrah were big fans of wines from El Dorado in the Sierra Foothills. Todays wine also comes from the Sierra Foothills, but this time from Amador County which is a bit warmer and at a lower elevation than El Dorado (although still at an altitude of 1,200-2,000 ft).  Amador County is no stranger to wine with nearly 600 acres of vines 60+ years old. Winemaking in the area goes back to the Gold Rush of 1849 and there are still several vineyards (of the 40 or so in the area) which had their start in the 19th century. Perhaps best known for Zinfandel, the region also has a reputation for turning out excellent wines made from Italian varietals like Barbera.  The 2012 Scott Harvey Amador County Mountain Selection Barbera begins with an excellent aroma of blackberry, raspberry and black cherry cola along with hints of vanilla and even a little cinnamon. Tasting reveals similar flavors to the nose along with some prune and raisin notes in this delicious, easy to drink wine. Red licorice, nice earthy notes and a bit of spice round out the palate and lead into the dry, medium-long finish featuring tart fruit and sweet oak -- no surprise thanks to spending 17 months in French oak. Now thats what I call wine amore!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140826"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Scott Harvey Amador County Mountain Selection Barbera"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/08/scott-harvey-amador-county-mountain-selection-barbera.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
649,"   The 2011 Waterstone Carneros Pinot Noir and the 2012 Waterstone Carneros Chardonnay.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Milbrandt Vineyards Traditions Riesling 2013 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Today weve got two wines from Waterstone Winery in Carneros, an area much celebrated for Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. This cool and windy area actually lies partially in Napa Valley and partially in Sonoma right at the foothills of the Mayacamas and Sonoma mountain ranges.    First up is the 2011 Waterstone Carneros Pinot Noir which is 100% Pinot Noir from Carneros, Napa Valley, California. The wine spent 16 months in French oak (35% new) and 868 cases were produced. It has an SRP of $22 and is available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Complex layers of plum, cherry, cola and cocoa provide a solid base to this elegant Pinot Noir. Nicely integrated oak lends vanilla and spice notes to the wines long finish.  13.7% Alcohol""The 2011 Waterstone Carneros Pinot Noir begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, cola, oak and plum. Those same flavors continue when tasting this medium-bodied wine. Add to that great balance and a smooth and soft mouthfeel and youve got one very tasty wine that hits all the right Pinot Noir notes. A bit of vanilla, leather and oak lead into the dry finish which also features hints of smoky tobacco.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Next is the 2012 Waterstone Carneros Chardonnay which is 100% Chardonnay from Carneros, Napa Valley, California. The wine spent 6 months in 50% new French oak and 30% of the wine underwent malolactic fermentation. 2,342 cases were produced. It has an SRP of $18 and is available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This richly composes Chardonnay has bright citrus, pear and pineapple fruit in perfect balance. Nicely integrated oak lends sweet vanilla notes to this wines long finish.  14% Alcohol""Smelling the 2012 Waterstone Carneros Chardonnay reveals excellent notes of citrus and tangerine tinged with vanilla. Tasting shows lots of delicious fruit (primarily citrus, green apple, pear and a touch of tropical fruit) wrapped up in a bright, lively acidity. Some oaky notes come out mid-palate but they never detract or overwhelm. The very long finish features a bit of toasty oak along with hints of butter and vanilla under the continuing fruit. Overall this is a very solid, well-balanced Chardonnay with just a hint of butter that adds a bit of complexity but still lets the fruit shine through.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
650,"  85% Pinot Noir and 15% Trepat rosé sparkling wine from Spain.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Janet Kafka and Associates for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Elyssia, meaning heavenly or a state of perfect bliss, offers this special Pinot Noir grown in the cava region, southwest of Barcelona, where the delicate grapes benefit from cooling fogs rolling off the Mediterranean and a long warm growing season.  Our special Pinot Noir Rosado has an intense aroma of raspberries and blackberries, and delivers crisp yet complex fruity flavors finishing with a lovely hint of sweetness.  11.5% Alcohol""The Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé starts with nice and fresh aromas of raspberry and strawberry with a hint of mint. The wine tastes very crisp and fruity with apple and honey flavors plus a bit of minerality. The dry finish leaves some lingering sweet fruit notes. Normally you wouldnt think a sparkling wine would need time to breathe, but this one tastes its best after it has had a little time in the glass and the bubbles subside a bit. Overall very nice!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111205"",  ""title"" : ""Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
651,"   A brand spanking new wine for the first day of spring!  100% Pinot Noir rosé from Russian River Valley, Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $15 and available at that price. 240 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our 2012 Nouveau (nuvo), a Rosé of Pinot Noir, is produced from hand-selected Pinot Noir grapes. We harvested the grapes from our lovely Russian River Valley vineyards, with only 240 cases of this very special wine being produced. Pinot Noir grapes were gently pressed during the winemaking process, with the free-run juice now being the hallmark of this Nouveau. Harvested in September of 2012, this Rosé was released on the first Monday of December 2012, marking our inaugural tradition...And hopefully yours too, for any of your celebrations ahead.  12.5% Alcohol""We may still have tons of snow on the ground and temperatures well below freezing in my neck of the woods, but thats not stopping me from celebrating the first day of spring and dreaming of warmer weather. And warmer weather means its time to break out the rosé!  Today we have quite an interesting one for you...this is the first vintage of a brand spanking new wine from River Road Family Vineyards and Winery. Not only that, but this is likely the very first wine released from the 2012 vintage in all of California. Seeking to emulate the Beaujolais Nouveau model, the winery decided to release a very young, light and fresh wine made from Pinot Noir grapes. Did they succeed? Lets find out!  The River Road Family Vineyards and Winery 2012 Nouveau Rosé of Pinot Noir begins with a very nice, fruity aroma of wild strawberries, watermelon and bubble gum. The wine tastes simply refreshing! This isnt an overly complex wine, but it does offer a nice plush and smooth, almost thick, texture without being syrupy sweet. Those tasty fruit flavors from the bouquet carry right on through to the finish, which also features some lingering mineral notes. Flat out fun to drink, if this doesnt remind you of spring Im not sure what will! And one helpful hint -- make sure to serve this wine only slightly chilled to bring out the best flavors.   Available from the winery here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130320"",  ""title"" : ""River Road 2012 Nouveau Rosé of Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/river-road-2012-nouveau-rose-of-pinot-noir.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
652,"  Zinfandel Port dessert wine from Amador County, California.   SRP of $24 for the 750ml bottle and available for as low as $15. Also available in a 375ml size with an SRP of $12. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""While some people say, ""any port in a storm"", we strongly suggest ours. Montevina Terra dOro Zinfandel Port displays aromas of raisined berry fruit, sugared dates, chocolate, caramel and orange peel. The wines rich, lush, grapy flavors also evoke raisin, cocoa, coffee and toffee. This delicious, fortified wine is perfect on its own or as an accompaniment to chocolate, chocolate, chocolate...dont like chocolate? Try it with Stilton cheese and toasted walnuts.  19.0% Alcohol""Between our ongoing Malbec Mania series, the latest Holiday edition of the Top 10 list, and our series on Holiday Sparklers, you may think weve got you covered for Thanksgiving and Christmas but theres one additional wine you might want to have around this year....Port.  Port, of course, comes from Portugal. What you may not know is that theres actually quite a bit of good Port wine made right here in the U.S. and a lot of it, like todays wine, is made from Zinfandel.  The Terra dOro Zinfandel Port begins with aromas of dark berries, black currant, raisins, orange zest and chocolate. Tasting the Port shows a nice velvety smooth texture with sweet black berries, raspberry, and black currant flavors plus a bit of toffee and chocolate. The finish has a bit of heat and then the sweet flavors linger nicely. Very nice!  As a sidenote, I tasted this wine with a bit of dark chocolate and it was fabulous. I can only imagine how incredible this wine would be paired with something like a decadent flourless chocolate cake!  For another dessert wine option, aside from the traditional port varieties, also check out our review of the Ochoa Moscatel. Cheers!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111121"",  ""title"" : ""Terra dOro Zinfandel Port"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
653," Black cherry cola brings the heat with some campfire notes.   60% Tempranillo and 40% Cabernet Sauvignon. SRP of $15 but available as low as $10.   Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Marco Real Navarra Red Wine - Crianza 2006 60% Tempranillo - 40% Cabernet Sauvignon  Bodegas Marco Real is nestled in the town of Olite, Spain, next to the Palace of the Kings of Navarra. The winery is a project of Juan Ignacio Belasco and Famiglia Belasco, prominent distillers and vintners in Spain since 1831. This deep cherry colored wine shimmers with violet hues. Aromas are elegant with ripe raspberries and strawberries, while on the palate, it is medium-bodied with ample fruit and elegant toast from aging for 12 months in French and American oak. 14.5% Alcohol""This is the last review of 10 wines that Ive sampled from the Kingdom of Navarra:   I have to say I was very pleased to see what I found from this region. Not only is there a great variety of tasty wines (see the full list at the bottom of this post), but your dollar also seems to go a very long way with these wines. This is definitely a region to look for especially if you have not sampled any wines from Navarra. But on to the review of the 2006 Marco Real Crianza...  The aromas of this wine are dominated by blackberry, plum, and ripe fruit notes. The wine tastes of dark berries and cola with a little bit of burnt wood (campfire). The finish shows some heat along with prominent and somewhat bitter tannins. I liked this wine quite a bit up until the finish which was a little too bitter for me; however, this wine greatly improved after a few hours and showed much better flavors and balance, losing some of the bitterness and gaining some smoothness. Youll definitely be rewarded for running this one through the Vinturi or decanting it before drinking.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110805"",  ""title"" : ""2006 Marco Real Crianza"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
654," How much difference does a little age make?   Bodegas Montecillo 2007 Crianza, 2006 Reserva and 2003 Gran Reserva. All 100% Tempranillo from Spain.   Samples received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  Over the next few days I will be reviewing these three wines, just in time for International Tempranillo Day on September 1st! First up is the Crianza but before we jump into that review, lets take a look at the official Rioja distinctions for these types of wines: Young wines: Wines in their first or second year, which keep their primary freshness and fruitiness. Crianza wines: Wines which are at least in their third year, having spent a minimum of one year in casks and a few months in the bottle. For white wines, the minimum cask ageing period is 6 months. Reserva wines: Selected wines of the best vintages with an excellent potential that have been aged for a minimum of 3 years, with at least one year in casks. For white wines, the minimum ageing period is 2 years, with at least 6 months in casks. Gran Reserva wines: Selected wines from exceptional vintages which have spent at least 2 years in oak casks and 3 years in the bottle. For white wines, the minimum ageing period is 4 years, with at least one year in casks.  Lets start with the 2007 Bodegas Montecillo Crianza which has an SRP of $12, but is widely available for as low as $8-$9.   From the bottle: ""Founded in 1874, Bodegas Montecillo selects the finest Tempranillo grapes for this Crianza. Aged more than one year in handcrafted oak barrels and one year in bottle, this wine has intense fruit aromas and garnet red color. Food friendly, enjoy it with meat dishes or mild cheeses. Serve at 64°F.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2007 Bodegas Montecillo Crianza exhibits aromas of plum, spice, ripe fruit, and dried herbs. (Sage and cinnamon, perhaps?). The wine tastes of black cherry and plum with a bit of earthiness and a little tobacco. This one ends with a spicy, sour cherry finish. Overall a nice, smooth wine that gets a Buy rating.   Stay tuned the rest of the week for the reviews on the Reserva and the Gran Reserva and an answer to the question we asked above, just how much difference does a little age make?  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.   PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110822"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Bodegas Montecillo Crianza"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
655,"  SRP of $15, but should be widely available for around $10. Sample received courtesy the winery for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""A full-bodied Cabernet Sauvignon with black cherry and plum nuances and a smooth finish. Pairs well with barbecued steak, beef roast of fajitas. 13.5% AlcoholJust as the label states, the 2007 Clos du Bois North Coast Cabernet Sauvignon is a great match for grilled meat. This is a simple but well balanced wine that will complement a steak nicely. The wine has pleasant aromas of ripe fruit, blackberry, and vanilla on the nose. It tastes of black cherry, dried herbs, and a bit of oak. The finish has a bit of spice and nice soft tannins. An easy drinker, even on its own. The wine held up just fine on day two. Recommended for your next barbecue!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110708"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Clos du Bois Cabernet Sauvignon North Coast"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
656,"   The 2007 Syrah and the 2008 Pinot Noir.   With grapes from Dry Creek Valley and the Russian River Valley these limited production wines offer big names and big tastes at small prices.   First up is the 2007 Mietz Cellars Sonoma County Syrah which consists of 92% Syrah and 8% Petite Sirah. The Syrah comes from the Dry Creek Valley while the Petite Sirah comes from the Russian River Valley. It has an SRP of $22 and is occasionally available for as low as $10. 450 cases produced.  From the winery: ""2007 is a great year for red wine. The 2007 Syrah grapes are from the Dry Creek Valley, farmed by Ray Teldeschi. They were picked at elevated sugar levels and maximum ripeness. This wine was aged in 100% French oak, 30% new barrels for one year.  The wine is very dark ruby, rich, and has a dark black raspberry fruit flavor juxtaposed to a very rich, toasty vanilla flavor from the oak. This Syrah is balanced by sufficient acidity, is very rich, and drinking well now. It has what it takes to age 5-10 years.   14.8% Alcohol""The 2007 Mietz Cellars Sonoma County Syrah begins with a pleasant aroma featuring lots of ripe dark berry, a little vanilla and a bit of licorice. The wine tastes quite nice with loads of rich blackberry fruit and toasty oak as well as some good licorice and leather notes. The only thing I didnt like is that it does show a bit of heat. It ends with good length and lingering licorice and dark berry flavors. Quite tasty!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next is the 2008 Mietz Cellars Sonoma County Pinot Noir, 100% Pinot Noir sourced from the Russian River Valley and the Sonoma Coast. It has an SRP of $25 and has been available for as low as $12.49. 550 cases produced.  From the winery: ""Our 2008 Pinot Noir vintage is a blend of two vineyards, one from the Russian River appellation and one from the Sonoma Coast. The 2008 vintage produced grapes of exceptional ripeness that resulted in wines that were full bodied with very fruit forward characteristics. Using handcrafted, small vineyards allows us to produce a Pinot with an exceptional level of quality.  This wine is dark ruby in color with aromas of dark cherry and smoked meats. The wine is full bodied and well extracted resulting in a rich middle body, followed by a firm and persistent finish. The flavors duplicate the aromas of fruit and smoke. The wine is unfined and unfiltered.  14.8% Alcohol""The 2008 Mietz Cellars Sonoma County Pinot Noir opens with abundant cherry notes, a little smoked meat aroma and a hint of rhubarb. Tasting reveals a smooth wine featuring black cherry, lots of cola, a little licorice and black tea. Theres no discernible heat on this one even though it has the same alcohol percentage as the Syrah. It ends with soft tannins and lingering black cherry and smoky notes. Also quite tasty!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
657," A pleasing and perfectly balanced Petite Sirah.  SRP of $11. Available widely for $9-$10. Sample received courtesy of Bogle Vineyards for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""Thirty-two years after it was first produced by the Bogle family in 1978, Petite Sirah is today considered Bogles ""heritage"" varietal. Once again the trademark qualities shine through in a wine that is the perfect integration of fruit and oak.  Full-bodied on the entry, aromas of black plum jam and toasty oak set the stage for what is to come. Vibrant boysenberries and luscious fruit are framed by serious tannins, while wisps of leather and vanilla seduce just enough. A final touch of acidity finishes the wine with a precisely balanced mouthfeel. 13.5% alcohol.""This is the fifth Petite Sirah Ive reviewed in the last few weeks and Ive really come to appreciate the complexity these wines deliver at a great price. Makes me wonder why Petite Sirah hasnt gotten more attention in recent times. Of course this lack of attention means you can always pull these wines out to ""wow"" your unsuspecting wine friends with your ""discovery"" and maybe even give the wine snobs a bit of their own medicine!   The 2008 Bogle Vineyards Petite Sirah shows a deep, dark purple in the glass. It exhibits aromas of plum, blueberry, and even a bit of chocolate on the nose. This is a wine with a pleasing amount of fruit and sweetness balanced by nice acidity, slightly bitter tannins, and a little shot of black pepper for good measure. Overall a very nice wine at a very nice price.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110519"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Bogle Vineyards Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
658,"  Only $9.98 at Costco.  This was our first Malbec from the Cahors region in France. You dont hear a ton about Malbecs from this area but you should, as it was quite good. Malbec actually originated here and was then taken to Argentina where it has really taken hold. But France is putting out some nice Malbecs as well. This is a little fruitier than a typical Malbec from Argentina, but really quite nice. I think this one would appeal to a wide audience of wine drinkers, so give it a try! It also held up nicely the second day. We will be buying again at this price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110206"",  ""title"" : ""Château Labrande Cahors Malbec Blend 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
659,"   Six tasty Bordeaux wines for around $10 or less. (Not a typo.)  Ahh, Bordeaux. A region that conjures up images of expensive French Chateaus and even more expensive wine. What you may not know is that of the over 10,000 Bordeaux labels produced each year, around 80% of them are under $25. Its actually a great place for reverse wine snobs to find good inexpensive wine and thats just what we bring you today.   The six varietals allowed in Bordeaux red blends are Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Carmenere, Petit Verdot and Malbec with the first three being the most popular by a good bit. The Bordeaux area is made up of about 50 different regions and each has their own laws which govern grape varieties, alcohol levels, even the methods of pruning and harvesting and the winemaking itself. (France takes their wine seriously.) With that bit of background, lets check out todays wines, all for around $10 or less.  First up is the 2009 Vinum Natura de Chateau Vallon des Brumes Bordeaux Rouge. This blend of 80% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. This wine features organically grown grapes and begins with aromas of raspberry, black cherry, cola, spice and black pepper, plus tea and tobacco. Those tea flavors are quite strong when tasting the wine as well as some dark fruit and licorice and dusty tannins. The finish is dry and of medium length with lingering tobacco notes.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 80k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next is the 2010 Chateau Lamothe Vincent Bordeaux Rouge 2010. This 80% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon blend has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. It opens with soft plum aromas and a hint of tobacco. The wine tastes fruit forward with black cherry, plum and a nice spice component. It also features some good soft and slightly dusty tannins. The finish is dry and medium-long with a hint of tobacco.  Other details: 14.5% Alcohol. 250k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Chateau Buisson Redon Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of only $8 and is available at that price. The wine smells of strawberry, plum, spice and a little leather. Tasting the wine shows prominent but not harsh tannins. This one is pretty upfront with lots of flavor and features a good body. A really good all around wine that is easy to drink, especially at this price. The nice finish is dry and shows a little bit of heat. One of my favorites of the bunch and also the cheapest.  Other details: 14.0% Alcohol. 60k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The 2009 Chateau Marjoureau Bordeaux Superieur Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It begins with aromas of black cherry, cola and cinnamon spice. The wine tastes substantial with rich tannins. It features similar flavors to bouquet plus a good bit of smoky oak. This is not a fruit forward wine. The finish is medium-short and dry.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 20k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Mission Saint Vincent Reserve Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. The wine opens with pleasant aromas of blueberry and spice. This is more of a laid back wine that still hits all the right notes. Another wine that is really easy to drink and a great all around wine to keep in your rotation. The dry finish has really good length and a good bit of spice. My favorite of the group.  Other details: 12.5% Alcohol. 300k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy Last, is the 2008 Chateau Vergnes-Beaulieu Bordeaux Rouge. This 100% Merlot has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It opens with aromas of smoky plum, a little cranberry and some earthy herbal notes. The wine tastes dense and meaty with strong tannins. This is not a fruit forward wine but is quite nice to drink. The finish is dry with a little spice and medium-short in length.  Other details: 13.0% Alcohol. 30k bottles See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy All wines received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
660,"  Monastrell from Alicante, Spain.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Alicante D.O. is one of the oldest ones in Spain and wine has been made in this area for over 4500 years. The vineyard used for ""La Tremenda"", is situated 600m above the level of the sea, this together with the Mediterranean sun, gives the wine a medium-high ruby colour, combined with aromas of red fruits such as: cherries, strawberries, herbs like: rosemary, thyme, bay leaf and also balsamic aromas like eucalyptus and menthol. Our Ecological Agriculture (no insecticides or herbicides), helps us achieve a round and mouth filling wine, that brings back the memory of soil and black rocks with a fresh and spicy end to it.  14.5% Alcohol""Monastrell is the Spanish name for Mourvèdre, a grape most commonly seen in Rhone style blends. This variety, which is usually high in tannins and alcohol, is quite popular in areas of Spain as a single varietal. And winemaking has quite a history in Spain; in fact, wine was introduced to the area of todays wine (Catalonia) by the Phoenicians in 500 BC. With that much experience making wine they must be quite good at it, right? Lets find out.  The 2008 Enrique Mendoza La Tremenda Monastrell has a strong and savory bouquet of mixed red and black fruit, lots of dried herbs and a dash of leather. Tasting the wine reveals jammy mixed berries, dried herbs, and some good prominent tannins. (Prominent, but not overdone by any means.) This is a very good, rich wine with some savory smoky notes. The finish is long, dry and spicy with a bit of mocha, some earthiness and a little dark berry. Viva la Monastrell!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120405"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Enrique Mendoza La Tremenda Monastrell"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
661,"  SRP of $13, but available for around $11. This is a new label but should have wide availability soon. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Alexandra Elman believes in honest wines. Wines which are true to the soil and climate their places of origin. Alex, an international wine expert, lost her sight in 1995, but that has not stopped her from traveling the world finding exceptional and sustainable wines that are meant to be enjoyed everyday as a celebration of life.  Malbec is a bigger bodied, well rounded wine with good tannins. It pairs perfectly with steaks, BBQ and spicy foods.  13.5% Alcohol"" This is the second of four Alex Elman wines that we will be reviewing here at The Reverse Wine Snob. We previously reviewed the Chardonnay as part of the Chardonnay Showdown and will be covering the Cabernet Sauvignon and a Torrentés soon to round out the collection. These are the debut wines from Alex Elman, self-described as ""The Blind Wine Chick"" because she lost her sight (due to complications of diabetes) and had worked in the wine industry for many years. Note the braille on the front label:   Determined not to let the loss of her sight slow her down, she released her own label of organic wines last year, all from Argentina. And being from Argentina, the Malbec better be good right? So lets see how this one measures up.  The 2009 Alex Elman Organic Malbec exhibits aromas of blackberry, plum, ripe fruit, and spice. The taste is smooth and full bodied with good balance and good flavor. There are nice tannins and plum notes on the finish. We also found this to be a good match with spicy foods as it holds up well and the flavor comes through nicely. Overall, a great wine!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110712"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Alex Elman Organic Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
662," ""Beastly"" old vines + prison = good wine? Widely available for $9.99 or less. Sample received courtesy Big House Wine Company for review purposes. Also available in a 3 liter size for around $22.  From the bottle:""2009 California Zinfandel  Its the Cardinal Zin who consoles the straying souls of The Big House. Proud of these dark berries that evoke a sense of envy for their blackberry and peppery flavors, this Zin has been known to elicit lustful feelings and cause mere mortals to covet those long silky legs as they drip down the glass. To avoid the ire of your guests, this wine should be served with a gluttonous feast that includes sloth. Hallowed be thy zins. 13.5% alcohol""The ""Beastly"" Old Vines refer to the old vines across California where these Zinfandel grapes were harvested. The Big House name comes from the proximity of the winery to the Soledad State Correctional Facility. And yes, adding these together actually makes a pretty nice Zinfandel for only $10.  The 2009 Big House Cardinal Zin has aromas of blackberry, pepper, cola, and some vanilla. The wine is definitely a spicy one, with flavors of black cherry, pepper, and a little bit of vanilla. The medium long finish also shows a good amount of spice and some prominent tannins. Fans of spicy red wines (like me) will find a lot to like in this wine. We paired this with a delicious beef brisket in a tomato based sauce and the wine complemented the meal quite nicely.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110613"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Big House Cardinal Zin Beastly Old Vines"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
663,"  70% Monastrell and 30% Syrah from Yecla, Spain.  SRP of $10 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Marquee Selections for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Made from a delicate blend of specially selected Monastrell and Syrah grapes, it has a beautiful red cherry color. Fresh and fruity with jammy and toasted notes, it is velvety on the palate with a lingering delicious sweetness in the finish. Superb with grilled meats or seafood or even on its own.  13.5% Alcohol""This wine is the second weve sampled from Capa Rota after trying their wonderful Macabeo a few weeks back. Today we turn to the Capa Rota Red, a blend of Syrah and Monastrell. (Monastrell is known as Mourvèdre in France and many other parts of the world.) This wine is marketed as coming from ""old vines"", which in this is case means 25+ years old. As we discussed in our Wine Guerrilla Forchini Vineyard review a few months ago, there really is no standard definition of ""old vine"", but older vines do tend to impart different characteristics to a wine. Most notably, as the vine ages they tend to produce less, but more flavorful, grapes.  The 2009 Bodegas La Purisima Capa Rota Monastrell and Syrah begins with lots of jammy blackberry aromas as well as a little vanilla. The blackberry jam continues when tasting this soft and smooth wine which has a really good texture. The finish is dry and the blackberry lingers for a long time while some spice also comes to the front. A really nice finish actually that adds some complexity, just when you think this is a rather one dimensional (but good) wine. Very nice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120611"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Bodegas La Purisima Capa Rota Monastrell and Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
664,"   Six tasty Bordeaux wines for around $10 or less. (Not a typo.)  Ahh, Bordeaux. A region that conjures up images of expensive French Chateaus and even more expensive wine. What you may not know is that of the over 10,000 Bordeaux labels produced each year, around 80% of them are under $25. Its actually a great place for reverse wine snobs to find good inexpensive wine and thats just what we bring you today.   The six varietals allowed in Bordeaux red blends are Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Carmenere, Petit Verdot and Malbec with the first three being the most popular by a good bit. The Bordeaux area is made up of about 50 different regions and each has their own laws which govern grape varieties, alcohol levels, even the methods of pruning and harvesting and the winemaking itself. (France takes their wine seriously.) With that bit of background, lets check out todays wines, all for around $10 or less.  First up is the 2009 Vinum Natura de Chateau Vallon des Brumes Bordeaux Rouge. This blend of 80% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. This wine features organically grown grapes and begins with aromas of raspberry, black cherry, cola, spice and black pepper, plus tea and tobacco. Those tea flavors are quite strong when tasting the wine as well as some dark fruit and licorice and dusty tannins. The finish is dry and of medium length with lingering tobacco notes.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 80k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next is the 2010 Chateau Lamothe Vincent Bordeaux Rouge 2010. This 80% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon blend has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. It opens with soft plum aromas and a hint of tobacco. The wine tastes fruit forward with black cherry, plum and a nice spice component. It also features some good soft and slightly dusty tannins. The finish is dry and medium-long with a hint of tobacco.  Other details: 14.5% Alcohol. 250k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Chateau Buisson Redon Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of only $8 and is available at that price. The wine smells of strawberry, plum, spice and a little leather. Tasting the wine shows prominent but not harsh tannins. This one is pretty upfront with lots of flavor and features a good body. A really good all around wine that is easy to drink, especially at this price. The nice finish is dry and shows a little bit of heat. One of my favorites of the bunch and also the cheapest.  Other details: 14.0% Alcohol. 60k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The 2009 Chateau Marjoureau Bordeaux Superieur Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It begins with aromas of black cherry, cola and cinnamon spice. The wine tastes substantial with rich tannins. It features similar flavors to bouquet plus a good bit of smoky oak. This is not a fruit forward wine. The finish is medium-short and dry.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 20k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Mission Saint Vincent Reserve Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. The wine opens with pleasant aromas of blueberry and spice. This is more of a laid back wine that still hits all the right notes. Another wine that is really easy to drink and a great all around wine to keep in your rotation. The dry finish has really good length and a good bit of spice. My favorite of the group.  Other details: 12.5% Alcohol. 300k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy Last, is the 2008 Chateau Vergnes-Beaulieu Bordeaux Rouge. This 100% Merlot has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It opens with aromas of smoky plum, a little cranberry and some earthy herbal notes. The wine tastes dense and meaty with strong tannins. This is not a fruit forward wine but is quite nice to drink. The finish is dry with a little spice and medium-short in length.  Other details: 13.0% Alcohol. 30k bottles See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy All wines received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
665,"  50% Petite Sirah, 25% Cabernet Sauvignon, 15% Syrah and 10% Zinfandel from Livermore Valley, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Roots. Rocks. Intrigue. My Great-Grandfather, James Concannon began handcrafting outstanding wines in 1883. The majority of this velvety blend is Petite Sirah, a varietal that we were first to bottle over 50 years ago and one that thrives in the gravelly soil of the Livermore Valley. By placing vineyards into conservancy it ensures wines will continue to be crafted for future generations. We believe preservation of vineyard and agricultural lands protects our quality of life.  A vibrant red blend of signature Livermore Valley varietals, Crimson & Clover joins the Conservancy tier as a tribute to the enduring spirit that runs deep in the Irish roots of the Concannon family. Bold Cabernet Sauvignon and spicy Zinfandel support lush Petite Sirah, our flagship varietal, which lends a richness and depth to this complex blend. Pair with an Irish favorite, steak and mushroom pie with a rich butter crust.  13.7% Alcohol""This wine was created as a tribute to the winemakers father, Jim Cannon, who was responsible for Americas first Petite Sirah. (The Clover part of the name comes from their Irish heritage and the Crimson refers to the color of the wine.) The Concannon Conservancy Petite Sirah has been one of my favorites for some time now and has been a staple on my Top 10 lists. Given that this wine is made up of 50% Petite Sirah I was curious to see how similar it would be. The answer? Not very -- but thats not necessarily a bad thing.  The 2009 Concannon Conservancy Crimson & Clover Livermore Valley begins with really nice and fragrant aromas of plum, blackberry, clove, and leather. The wine tastes a bit thinner than I was expecting based on the 50% Petite Sirah but it has good fruit flavor, predominantly blackberry. Theres not much going on as far as tannins but the hints of leather on the nose carry over when tasting and add interest. The wine ends with a little kick of spice on the finish. Overall this is a good, relatively simple wine that is easy to drink and gives a much different experience than the Petite Sirah.  Other Recommended Buys from Concannon: 2008 Petite Sirah - My Favorite Petite Sirah 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon - Concannon Completes The Trifecta   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111101"",  ""title"" : ""Concannon Conservancy Crimson & Clover Livermore Valley 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
666,"  $8.99 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle:""More than 100 years ago Don Melchor de Concha y Toro reserved for himself an exclusive batch of the best vines he produced. And, to keep strangers away from his private reserve, he spread the rumor that the Devil lived in that place. Hence the name Casillero del Diablo or Cellar of the Devil.""  Winemakers Note: Chocolate, coffee and spice combine with raspberries and blackberries in this Carménère, Chiles very own grape.  Food Match: Perfect for tasty winter stews or grilled summer barbeques.  13.5% AlcoholHere at the Reverse Wine Snob, we usually open a bottle of wine at dinnertime, but most of that wine is actually consumed apart from food, usually after dinner. Given this were not overly concerned about food pairings. And when we are, we usually determine the food first, and then choose a wine to go with it. Every once in awhile though, we taste a wine and think ""This would be so good with..."" This is one of those times. And what we have here is a great steak wine.   The 2009 Conch y Toro Casillero del Diablo Carménère has some nice berry notes, is fairly smooth, and has a bit of coffee on the finish. It opened up quite nicely on day 2, so give this one some time to breathe. And it actually did made me crave a steak. Well be buying another bottle after all the snow melts and we can fire up the grill!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110323"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Concha y Toro Carménère Casillero del Diablo"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
667,"  100% Chardonnay from Monterey County, California.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Francis Ford Coppola Diamond Collection Chardonnay is sourced from two distinct vineyards in Monterey County that, when blended together, achieve a lovely complexity and optimal balance of ripe fruit and acidity. Half of the fruit is fermented in French oak and undergoes malolactic fermentation, and the other half is fermented in stainless steel. This mix of techniques creates a creamy texture and rich flavors of pear, melon and apples with notes of tropical fruit and a beautiful vanilla cream finish. Enjoy with crab cakes, apricot chicken and vegetable quiche.  13.5% Alcohol""When it comes to Chardonnay, its all about the oak. OK, maybe not ALL about the oak, but the use of oak in Chardonnay tends to be a great dividing line. Todays wine takes an interesting strategy -- give them some of both. As the label states, half this wine sees time in French oak and the other half does not. The result, rather surprisingly, is a wine that takes on some of the best characteristics of both styles.  The 2009 Francis Coppola Diamond Collection Gold Label Monterey County Chardonnay begins with aromas of green apple, pear, honeysuckle and a little butterscotch. The wine has a nice creamy texture but is not overly buttery by any means. Pear, apricot, lemon and a little melon are the predominate flavors. On the finish, those fruit flavors carry over plus some more prominent oak notes. Really just a great compromise for oak and non-oak lovers who want to share a bottle of Chardonnay!  Also check out these other Francis Coppola wines reviewed recently: From the Rosso and Bianco line 2009 Francis Ford Coppola Rosso - An Offer You Cant Refuse?  2009 Francis Ford Coppola Chardonnay - Clean, Fresh, and Unoaked And from the Diamond Collection line 2009 Francis Ford Coppola Diamond Collection Black Label Claret - A Capital British Blend From California  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120124"",  ""title"" : ""Francis Coppola Diamond Collection Gold Label Chardonnay 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
668," A crowd pleasing California Chardonnay shows the way! Chardonnay Showdown Post #8   100% Chardonnay from California, aged in French oak for 9 months. SRP of $12 but available widely for $9-$10. Sample received courtesy The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle:""The heart of this Chardonnay comes from our Shirtail Creek Vineyard in Montereys inland coastal valley, where cooling fog and coastal breezes make for ideal growing conditions. Lush tropical fruit characteristics of pineapple and mango are complemented by a bright finish. Ideal with light seafood dishes, fried calamari and goat cheese. 13.4% Alcohol""The 2009 Hess Select Chardonnay exhibits aromas of green apple, pineapple, pear, and grass. It tastes of pineapple and green apple with plenty of oak but it works. Not very buttery. The finish is sweet mango with a bit of pepper and it lingers nicely. This is a simple, easy drinker, which is what you want in the heat of summer. Definitely a crowd pleaser that is accessible to occasional drinkers and at the same time wont offend hard core winos. The wine was not quite as good on day 2 as it lost some of its sweetness on the finish so drink up!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110629"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Hess Select Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
669,"  100% Pinot Noir from California.  SRP of $14 and available as low as $9. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Inspired by the hand stacked rocks that help you find your way along a trail, Red Rock Winery wants to inspire you to Find True Balance. Our winemaker believes that ""Making a great wine is all about finding balance. Its about fitting the fruit characteristics together in a harmonious way, so that no single element overpowers another."" In our Pinot Noir, dark red cherries are complemented with layers of raspberry jam creating a smooth wine that is truly balanced.  13.6% Alcohol""Today we continue on our hunt for the best Pinot Noir under $20. Before we get to todays wine I should note; however, that while this series is about Pinot Noir, from the beginning this blog has been about finding great wine of any variety under $20. As such, Im pretty much agnostic when it comes to the variety of a wine. This means when when were talking about Pinot Noir, which is more often than not priced above $20, we wont recommend a wine simply because it is one of the best of the sub-$20 wines in its variety if it doesnt also measure up against the sub-$20 wines from other varieties as well. (As a sidenote, this also means we dont dismiss wines that dont measure up to the magical standard that someone somewhere has declared for each variety.)  The goal with every one of our reviews is to discover if the enjoyment received from each bottle justifies its cost. This is also why it gets harder for a wine to get a Buy rating as its cost increases -- the measuring stick goes up in order to justify the increased expenditure. (See more about our Wine Rating System.) And all of this is not to say that varietal distinctions are irrelevant -- thats hardly the case. There are certainly times I crave a certain variety or I am looking for a specific match to a food; its just that we simply wont recommend a wine that may be the ""best"" of a variety if it doesnt also measure up against all the other sub-$20 wines out there. Now, on to todays review...  The 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir begins with light strawberry and raspberry aromas and a few toasty spice notes. This easy to drink wine tastes of smooth dark fruit with soft tannins and a little bit of black licorice. The dark fruit flavors continue on the finish along with some nice spice notes and a little lingering vanilla and caramel. A nice wine that doesnt taste like a typical Pinot Noir -- and thats perfectly fine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120104"",  ""title"" : ""Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir "
670,"  A blend of Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah from California.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Inspired by the hand stacked rocks that help you find your way along a trail, Red Rock Winery wants to inspire you to Find True Balance. Our winemaker believes that ""Making a great wine is all about finding balance. Its about fitting the fruit characteristics together in a harmonious way, so that no single element overpowers another."" In our Winemakers Blend, smooth notes from Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon are balanced with dark berry jam flavors from Petite Sirah, creating a unique wine that is truly balanced.  13.9% Alcohol""This is the second wine weve reviewed from Red Rock Winery, after enjoying their Pinot Noir in our Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 series. This time were tasting their Winemakers Blend. I couldnt find any info on the exact percentages of each grape in the blend, so Im guessing it can vary year to year, which is not at all uncommon. Lets check out the 2009.  The 2009 Red Rock Winery Reserve Winemakers Blend begins with aromas of sweet cherry, strawberry, spice and vanilla. It reminds me of a Shirley Temple thanks to the maraschino cherry notes. This rich and smooth wine tastes of lots of jammy fruit (strawberry and sweet red cherry primarily), good spice and a little vanilla, staying true to the opening aromas. The finish features a really nice burst of spice that lasts for a long time. Overall, a nice, easy to drink wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120320"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Red Rock Winery Reserve Winemakers Blend"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
671,"   Our first review of a German wine? How can that be?   100% Riesling from Rheinhessen, Germany.  Available for around $10. 10,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Starts with a wonderful bouquet of fresh peaches. The fruit carries over to the palate with an enticing nuance of minerals from the soils of Rheinhessen. The wine is pure, bright and balanced.  11.5% Alcohol""Im not sure how it happened, but this is the first review of a German wine here on The Reverse Wine Snob. Thats definitely an area we need to address, and we begin today with a very wallet friendly Riesling from the Rheinhessen.   The Rheinhessen, which is the largest German wine region, is bordered by the Rhine river on the north and east. It is generally considered that the closer to the river, the better the wines thanks to the unique soils and climate. Todays wine comes from the highly regarded Roter Hang (Red Slope) area, named because of the red slate soils.   Riesling is very popular in Rheinhessen, but the most grown grape in the region is Muller-Thurgau, which is an offspring of Riesling. The red Dornfelder grape is the third most produced after Riesling. But enough about the region, lets get to the wine.   The 2009 Rudi Wiest Rhein River Riesling begins with pleasant aromas of white peach, apple, lemon and a hint of tropical fruit. The wine tastes soft and fruity with lots of green apple, apricot and more peach. Bright acidity helps to create a refreshing, easy to drink wine. It ends with a hint of minerality on the slightly dry finish. Not an overly complex wine but it is likely to be a crowd pleaser.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130523"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Rudi Wiest Rhein River Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/rudi-wiest-rhein-river-riesling.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
672,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Winesellers Ltd for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Santa Julia range is symbolic of our respect and care for the natural Mendoza environment, their home since the company was created in 1963. Today, this third generation family of winemakers continue their mission through many programs that benefit the land, the community.  100% sustainable farmed grapes. Social welfare programs. Energy conservation. Use of green fertilizers. Wildlife preservation. Vineyard irrigation from pure mountain water and water recycling programs.  This Santa Julia Reserva Cabernet is a full-bodied wine matured in French oak for 10 months to lend structure, finesse and harmony, it displays all the hallmarks of this classic variety. It has elegant blackcurrant fruit with hints of vanilla, spice and cedar.  13.5% Alcohol""Santa Julia wines from Familia Zuccardi have been consistent winners for us here at The Reverse Wine Snob. To date weve reviewed the Organica Malbec, the Reserva Malbec, the Malbec [+], the Organica Cabernet, the Cabernet [+] and the Torrontés. Weve liked every single one and todays wine was no different.  The 2009 Santa Julia Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon begins with aromas of blackberry, plum and a little vanilla. The wine tastes of black cherry cola and blackberry with soft tannins. The fruit continues on the finish along with some some oaky notes. Really just a nice basic Cabernet at a fabulous price. This one would probably be at its best paired with red meat.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120202"",  ""title"" : ""Santa Julia Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
673,"   Six tasty Bordeaux wines for around $10 or less. (Not a typo.)  Ahh, Bordeaux. A region that conjures up images of expensive French Chateaus and even more expensive wine. What you may not know is that of the over 10,000 Bordeaux labels produced each year, around 80% of them are under $25. Its actually a great place for reverse wine snobs to find good inexpensive wine and thats just what we bring you today.   The six varietals allowed in Bordeaux red blends are Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Carmenere, Petit Verdot and Malbec with the first three being the most popular by a good bit. The Bordeaux area is made up of about 50 different regions and each has their own laws which govern grape varieties, alcohol levels, even the methods of pruning and harvesting and the winemaking itself. (France takes their wine seriously.) With that bit of background, lets check out todays wines, all for around $10 or less.  First up is the 2009 Vinum Natura de Chateau Vallon des Brumes Bordeaux Rouge. This blend of 80% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. This wine features organically grown grapes and begins with aromas of raspberry, black cherry, cola, spice and black pepper, plus tea and tobacco. Those tea flavors are quite strong when tasting the wine as well as some dark fruit and licorice and dusty tannins. The finish is dry and of medium length with lingering tobacco notes.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 80k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next is the 2010 Chateau Lamothe Vincent Bordeaux Rouge 2010. This 80% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon blend has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. It opens with soft plum aromas and a hint of tobacco. The wine tastes fruit forward with black cherry, plum and a nice spice component. It also features some good soft and slightly dusty tannins. The finish is dry and medium-long with a hint of tobacco.  Other details: 14.5% Alcohol. 250k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Chateau Buisson Redon Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of only $8 and is available at that price. The wine smells of strawberry, plum, spice and a little leather. Tasting the wine shows prominent but not harsh tannins. This one is pretty upfront with lots of flavor and features a good body. A really good all around wine that is easy to drink, especially at this price. The nice finish is dry and shows a little bit of heat. One of my favorites of the bunch and also the cheapest.  Other details: 14.0% Alcohol. 60k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The 2009 Chateau Marjoureau Bordeaux Superieur Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It begins with aromas of black cherry, cola and cinnamon spice. The wine tastes substantial with rich tannins. It features similar flavors to bouquet plus a good bit of smoky oak. This is not a fruit forward wine. The finish is medium-short and dry.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 20k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Mission Saint Vincent Reserve Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. The wine opens with pleasant aromas of blueberry and spice. This is more of a laid back wine that still hits all the right notes. Another wine that is really easy to drink and a great all around wine to keep in your rotation. The dry finish has really good length and a good bit of spice. My favorite of the group.  Other details: 12.5% Alcohol. 300k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy Last, is the 2008 Chateau Vergnes-Beaulieu Bordeaux Rouge. This 100% Merlot has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It opens with aromas of smoky plum, a little cranberry and some earthy herbal notes. The wine tastes dense and meaty with strong tannins. This is not a fruit forward wine but is quite nice to drink. The finish is dry with a little spice and medium-short in length.  Other details: 13.0% Alcohol. 30k bottles See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy All wines received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
674,"   #AlbarinoDay or an Albarino A Day...You Decide.  100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy Albarino Explorers Club for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Light straw in color, the nose of this Albariño is seductive with honey, pear and tropical fruit and a slight mineral component. It is racy and zesty with citrus and floral flavors in the mouth, yet is round and soft at the same time. It matches perfectly with fresh seafood and shellfish; is an ideal accompaniment to salty, spicy Asian cuisine; and is also great on its own as a cocktail wine. Truly adventurous food lovers will amaze and inspire their friends by serving it with the unlikely, but fantastic pairing of traditional barbequed ribs with a sweet, slightly spicy tomato based sauce.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is one of two I drank a couple weeks back on the inaugural #AlbarinoDay. (Not to be confused with an Albarino A Day, which would certainly be a tempting challenge.) Albarino is a white grape grown predominately in Spain and in Portugal, where it is known as Alvarinho. It produces really delicious, easy drinking wines that I think pair fantastically with summer.   The 2010 Adega Condes de Albarei Salneval Albarino begins with aromas of honey, pear, some zesty citrus notes and just a touch of almond. Tasting this creamy and smooth wine shows flavors of zesty citrus and tropical fruit along with some honey notes and good acidity. The pleasant finish includes some lingering sweet and tangy notes. Really just an easy to drink wine that is great for summer. I would also love to try it with BBQ ribs as suggested by the winery as I think that could be quite fantastic.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120521"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Adega Condes de Albarei Salneval Albarino"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
675,"  100% Pinot Grigio from Valdadige, Italy.  SRP of $10 and available widely for $9. Sample received courtesy W.J. Deutsch & Sons for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""A crisp, dry wine from northern Italy, it is fresh and fruity with a flowery bouquet. A perfect accompaniment to light dishes or by itself, as an excellent apertif.  12.5% Alcohol""Ah, Pinot Grigio. Years ago this used to be the only wine I would drink. Nowadays, it just seems so...unexciting. Occasionally; however, I come across one that both reminds me of the good old days and also adds a little something more than your typical wine in this variety. (Take for example, the Zontes Footstep Doctoress di Lago from Australia.) Todays wine from Italy is a perfect example of a tasty Pinot Grigio that is far from boring.  The 2010 Barone Fini Valdadige Pinot Grigio begins with a really nice and aromatic bouquet of fruit (citrus), flowers and a little honey. The wine tastes of crisp citrus, apple and lemon zest and has just about the perfect level of sweetness and a nice smooth texture. The surprisingly long finish is also very good featuring a little minerality and citrus zest. Molto Bene!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120224"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Barone Fini Valdadige Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
676," A cool and crisp California Chardonnay. Chardonnay Showdown Post #6.   100% Chardonnay (unoaked) from California. Widely available for $9.99. Sample received courtesy Big House Wine Company for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Sound the siren, Warden! It looks like our pally is loose...unchained...un-oaked...running about the Big House naked! Last seen confined in stainless steel fermenters, this buster is criminally crisp and bright with green apples on the schnozzle and a hinky hint of pear. Perfect with goat cheese or poultry. Yo, lets find this chump before he dusts out the caboose eh! 13% Alcohol""You gotta love the Big House Wine Company labels...always entertaining. Luckily their wines are good too! The 2010 Big House Unchained Naked Chardonnay has aromas of light citrus, green apple, and pear with some added floral notes. It tastes smooth and not overly sweet, with green apple, pear, mango, and grape flavors balanced with a nice acidity. The finish is easy with good flavor and a bit on the dry side. This is a wine that is very easy to drink and it held up just fine on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110627"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Big House Unchained Naked Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
677,"  70% Viura, 20% Malvasia, 10% Tempranillo Blanco from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Rioja Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Four generations of winemaking tradition has enabled the Vivanco Family to select this wine made from hand-picked Viura (70%), Malvasia (20%) and Tempranillo Blanco (10%) grapes sourced from own vineyards.  Design inspired by the original 18th century bottle on display at out Dinastía Vivanco Museum of Wine Culture.  12.5% Alcohol""This week we will be taking a journey through the Wines of Rioja. Similar to the Tour of Chile a couple weeks ago, we will focus on wines from this region all week long while also learning a little about the area. And one of the first questions that comes to mind is probably, why Rioja? There are lots of answers to that question, but perhaps the most intriguing one is simply that Rioja has something unique to offer. And todays wine is a perfect example.  If you noticed the listing of grape varieties for the Dinastía Vivanco, you may be wondering about ""Tempranillo Blanco"".  You wouldnt be alone in that. Tempranillo Blanco is a natural mutation of the ""red"" Tempranillo grape and was discovered on a vineyard in Rioja in 1988. Essentially this is an albino Tempranillo. Today it is grown in very small quantities and is found exclusively in Rioja. But ultimately we have to ask, how does it taste?  The 2010 Bodegas Dinastía Vivanco Rioja White Blend begins with aromas of lemon, a little peach, white floral notes, and grapefruit. The wine tastes fresh and crisp and reminds me of a Sauvignon Blanc with its good acidity that will allow it to match with lots of different foods. The primary flavors when tasting are green apple, pear, and lemon along with a little minerality. The wine ends with lingering notes of citrus zest. Overall, very tasty and very easy to drink.  As an added note, this wine held up surprisingly well to Chicago Mix (caramel and cheese) popcorn I decided to snack on just in case anyone else has a similar craving while drink it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111107"",  ""title"" : ""Dinastía Vivanco Rioja White Blend 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Journey Through Rioja Series 2010 Dinastía Vivanco Rioja White Blend 2009 Palacios Remondo La Vendimia 2007 Viña Real Plata Crianza Rioja Red Wine 2010 Bodegas El Coto Rioja Rosado 2005 Federico Paternina Banda Roja Reserva 2006 Bodegas Beronia Rioja Reserva "
678,"  100% Macabeo from Yecla, Spain.  SRP of $10 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Marquee Selections for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This wine is made from selected Macabeo grapes; harvested at night to avoid high temperatures and keep its attributes of freshness, fruitiness and acidity as pure as possible. Clean and brilliant pale yellow in color with citrus and mineral aromas, it is very fruity with pleasant acidity and elegant white flower notes. A perfect partner with seafood, fish and vegetables or even on its own.  12.0% Alcohol""Todays wine from Bodegas La Purisima is made from the Macabeo grape which so far weve tasted primarily in sparkling wine as its one of the main varieties in Spanish Cava. Macabeo is known as Viura in Rioja, Spain where it accounts for 90% of the white wine production. It is also the most popular white grape in Northern Spain. The wine were tasting today, Capa Rota, comes from Yecla in the Eastern part of Spain where it is again very popular. Yet despite Macabeos popularity in Spain its not a variety you hear a whole about here in the U.S., which is a shame.  The 2010 Bodegas La Purisima Capa Rota Macabeo begins with pleasant aromas of mixed citrus, sweet melon and floral notes. The wine tastes simple and refreshing. The primary flavors when tasting are citrus and especially grapefruit, but this is not an overly sweet or fruity wine by any means. It ends with a bit of a chalky finish that will have you reaching for another sip pretty quickly. A very nice low alcohol summer quaffer.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120330"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bodegas La Purisima Capa Rota Macabeo"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
679,"  50% Merlot and 50% Cabernet Sauvignon from France. SRP of $12.99 and available for $8.99 at Costco.  Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle:""André Lurtons family has presided over the prime vineyards of Château Bonnet for over a hundred years. Harnessing this heritage and tradition, and adopting modern winemaking techniques, André has crafted this refreshing, fragrant rosé from the classic Bordeaux varieties. Cabernet Sauvignon (50%) and Merlot (50%). Serve lightly chilled.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Château Bonnet Bordeaux Rosé begins with deep aromas of strawberry, raspberry plus some earthiness and a little bit of tomato plant. The taste is fresh, clean, smooth and refreshing. The Château Bonnet features cherry, strawberry and raspberry but the fruit doesnt overwhelm. The wine could use a little more structure but it does have a kind of liveliness to it. Quite drinkable.  Also check out the review of the 2010 Château Bonnet Entre-Deux-Mers White.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111007"",  ""title"" : ""Château Bonnet Bordeaux Rosé 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
680,"   Six tasty Bordeaux wines for around $10 or less. (Not a typo.)  Ahh, Bordeaux. A region that conjures up images of expensive French Chateaus and even more expensive wine. What you may not know is that of the over 10,000 Bordeaux labels produced each year, around 80% of them are under $25. Its actually a great place for reverse wine snobs to find good inexpensive wine and thats just what we bring you today.   The six varietals allowed in Bordeaux red blends are Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Carmenere, Petit Verdot and Malbec with the first three being the most popular by a good bit. The Bordeaux area is made up of about 50 different regions and each has their own laws which govern grape varieties, alcohol levels, even the methods of pruning and harvesting and the winemaking itself. (France takes their wine seriously.) With that bit of background, lets check out todays wines, all for around $10 or less.  First up is the 2009 Vinum Natura de Chateau Vallon des Brumes Bordeaux Rouge. This blend of 80% Merlot, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. This wine features organically grown grapes and begins with aromas of raspberry, black cherry, cola, spice and black pepper, plus tea and tobacco. Those tea flavors are quite strong when tasting the wine as well as some dark fruit and licorice and dusty tannins. The finish is dry and of medium length with lingering tobacco notes.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 80k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next is the 2010 Chateau Lamothe Vincent Bordeaux Rouge 2010. This 80% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon blend has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. It opens with soft plum aromas and a hint of tobacco. The wine tastes fruit forward with black cherry, plum and a nice spice component. It also features some good soft and slightly dusty tannins. The finish is dry and medium-long with a hint of tobacco.  Other details: 14.5% Alcohol. 250k bottles produced. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Chateau Buisson Redon Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 60% Merlot and 40% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of only $8 and is available at that price. The wine smells of strawberry, plum, spice and a little leather. Tasting the wine shows prominent but not harsh tannins. This one is pretty upfront with lots of flavor and features a good body. A really good all around wine that is easy to drink, especially at this price. The nice finish is dry and shows a little bit of heat. One of my favorites of the bunch and also the cheapest.  Other details: 14.0% Alcohol. 60k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy The 2009 Chateau Marjoureau Bordeaux Superieur Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It begins with aromas of black cherry, cola and cinnamon spice. The wine tastes substantial with rich tannins. It features similar flavors to bouquet plus a good bit of smoky oak. This is not a fruit forward wine. The finish is medium-short and dry.  Other details: 13.5% Alcohol. 20k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy The 2008 Mission Saint Vincent Reserve Bordeaux Rouge is a blend of 70% Merlot, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon and 10% Cabernet Franc. It has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. The wine opens with pleasant aromas of blueberry and spice. This is more of a laid back wine that still hits all the right notes. Another wine that is really easy to drink and a great all around wine to keep in your rotation. The dry finish has really good length and a good bit of spice. My favorite of the group.  Other details: 12.5% Alcohol. 300k bottles. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy Last, is the 2008 Chateau Vergnes-Beaulieu Bordeaux Rouge. This 100% Merlot has an SRP of $10 and is available at that price. It opens with aromas of smoky plum, a little cranberry and some earthy herbal notes. The wine tastes dense and meaty with strong tannins. This is not a fruit forward wine but is quite nice to drink. The finish is dry with a little spice and medium-short in length.  Other details: 13.0% Alcohol. 30k bottles See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy All wines received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
681,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Marlborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $12 and available widely for around $9. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Those who like crisp, dry flavours will enjoy the undertones of passionfruit and lime in this wine and appreciate Dashwoods easygoing nature. The Dashwood Sauvignon Blanc is carefully crafted by our talented winemakers and is sourced from two of Marlboroughs idyllic wine growing locations, the Awatere and Wairau Valleys. The result is a bright and satisfying wine that will accompany food and get-togethers perfectly. Enjoy.   13.5% Alcohol""Everyone knows that New Zealand, and the Marlborough region in particular, is renowned for producing outstanding Sauvignon Blanc. In fact, New Zealand is really responsible for putting Sauvignon Blanc on the map as a single varietal wine. Today Sauvignon Blanc is proudly produced all over the world thanks to this renaissance in New Zealand, although Marlborough still produces some of the best. And despite this popularity, many of the wines produced there, like todays, wont cost you an arm and a leg.  The 2010 Dashwood Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc begins with strong aromas of tropical fruit, a little fresh cut grass and some white pepper. The wine tastes of very intense and crisp flavors of citrus, peach and a whole lot of pineapple and lime. This one might even make you pucker a bit at first sip. The finish has good length. If you like a lot of intense flavors in your wine, especially citrus, youll love this wine.  Also check out our review of the Dashwood Pinot Noir.    Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120312"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Dashwood Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
682,"  100% Pinot Grigio from California.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""From the sprawling coastline to the gently rolling hills enveloping lush, vineyard laden valleys, Echelon is inspired by the best California has to offer. Delight in the simple sophistication of this Pinot Grigio to celebrate even the smallest of accomplishments. No victory is too small to reward yourself with a glass of Echelon Pinot Grigio.  Brilliant aromas of juicy pear and lemon zest are brought to the nose with a hint of honeysuckle. Bright flavours of tart green apple and tropical melon grace the palate for a clean, crisp taste.  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the third weve tried from the Echelon line and the first white. We previously recommended the Echelon Red Blend (A Fine Find For Pizza Night) as well as the Collection Series Russian River Valley Pinot Noir (A Flavorful And Spicy Saturday Splurge). Today we turn to one of the more popular white varieties, Pinot Grigio.  The 2010 Echelon Pinot Grigio begins with an excellent aroma of zesty lemon, melon, pear and a good bit of honey. Tasting the wine shows it to be crisp and juicy with lots of fresh sweet fruit. In fact, this one is a little sweeter than your average Pinot Grigio so itll be a great one for fans of sweet wines. The primary flavors are green apple, pear, lemon and honey which turn into zesty and sweet notes on the finish with some slight mineral undertones.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120810"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Echelon Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
683," Chardonnay Showdown Post #12 and the last wine in the competition which means final results are coming tomorrow!   100% Chardonnay from Argentina, no oak. SRP of $12, but available for around $10. Sample received courtesy Famiglia Meschini for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Famiglia Meschini Premium Line is the accomplishment of our dream to bring the true characteristics of each varietal to your glass. From the vineyard to the bottle we limit our intervention so that all the aromas and senses come to life as you unleash these young and lively wines. Our 2010 Premium Unoaked Chardonnay is perfectly balanced and presents hints of tropical fruit. Welcome this unaltered and unbelievable Chardonnay into your wine experience. 13.9% Alcohol""This wine was a late addition to the Showdown, but one Im glad we were able to include.  The 2010 Famiglia Meschini Premium Unoaked Chardonnay exhibits aromas of melon, pear, and orange. The wine tastes of citrus and tropical fruit with a little white pepper. It has a great, sweet finish with lemon and orange zest that lingers almost like a sweet dessert wine. This wine is very easy to drink and could be very easy to consume quickly! A great choice for a hot summer day!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110706"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Famiglia Meschini Premium Unoaked Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
684," A fine wine for Malbec World Day on April 17th!   Received sample for review. Suggested retail price is $11, but should be widely available between $9 and $10.  From the bottle: Santa Julia Organica is symbolic of our respect and care for the natural environment of Mendoza, the home of the company since its founding in 1963. Today, a third generation of family winemakers continue their mission through many programs that benefit the land and the community.  100% Organically grown grapes. Social welfare programs. Energy conservation. Use of green fertilizers. Wildlife preservation. Vineyard irrigation from pure mountain water and water recycling programs.  This purple-red wine is packed with ripe fruit flavors of plum, cherry and strawberries with hints of chocolate and a spicy finish. It will pair well with steaks, burgers and pastas with red sauces.   12.5% AlcoholAs you can see from the label information, this winemaker does things a little differently. Take for instance, the organic grapes, grown using the ""parral system"" where the vines are trained to grow overhead in a series of arches. This increases ventilation and guarantees a good supply of light. Or take the employees, many of which are third generation workers. Familia Zuccardi employs their workers year round and even provides subsidized health care and free education. So, regardless of how the wine tastes you can feel good about drinking it, but is this wine all talk or is the quality of the wine as good as the methods that produce it?  I can gladly attest that this wine is not all talk. It begins with a really nice aroma of ripe fruit and it gets even better from there. The 2010 Santa Julia Organica Malbec exhibits notes of plum and cherries and is a very smooth, very drinkable, very nice Malbec. Theres even a little bit of spice on the finish, although it does end a bit abruptly. It even got a little better on day 2. Overall Im quite impressed with the Santa Julia Malbec and I recommend you pick one up. This one will tie for our second highest rated Malbec to date and should find a spot on the next update of The Reverse Wine Snob Top 10 Wine List!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110415"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Familia Zuccardi Santa Julia Organica Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
685,"   Loco For Lodi Wine #9.   50% Zinfandel, 20% Merlot, 17% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Petite Sirah and 3% Syrah from Lodi, California.  SRP of $12 and available widely for $9, including Costco. Sample submitted for review. 60,000 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""Gnarly Head Authentic Red is a big, bold Zinfandel-led red blend that hails from a true grit American town: Lodi, California, where gnarled, old vines are pruned in a wild, mop-topped way called ""head trained"" – our true gnarly heads. These heroic old vines produce scant clusters of small-berried fruit, resulting in intensely flavored, authentic wines with concentrated dark fruit flavors.  To create our new Authentic Red, weve blended our densely flavorful Zinfandel with Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Sirah to deliver a massively juicy core of ripe blackberry and spice.  Pair it with boldly flavored foods like steak, grilled chops of BBQ.  14.5% Alcohol""Let me just say right off the bat that todays wine is not my favorite style of red wine (too sweet), but at the same time I can appreciate it for what it is -- a nice party wine to pair with burgers and BBQ. I also highly suspect that this new wine from Gnarly Head will be wildly popular with the rabid fans of wines like Apothic Red and Cocobon. Add in the very cool label and it certainly appears that Delicato Family Vineyards, who were also behind the recently recommended Handcraft Petite Sirah, have a hit on their hands.  The 2010 Gnarly Head Authentic Red begins with very ripe, almost stewed aromas of dark fruit, cherry pie, vanilla and a little mint. The wine tastes sweet -- its not overly so since some of the sweetness is covered up by all the oak flavors, but its definitely still on the sweet side. Theres also lots of juicy and jammy fruit like blackberry and plum. The oak flavors come in the form of vanilla, caramel and molasses plus a bit of spice and chocolate in this smooth, easy to drink, medium-bodied wine. The spice becomes a bit more prominent on the medium-long finish which also features lots more sweet fruit, vanilla and caramel.  Wine in the Loco for Lodi Series: Uvaggio Vermentino 2011 - Loco for Lodi Michael David Winery Petite Petit 2010 - Just Plain Fun To Drink Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - A Classic Lodi Zin Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely!  Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - Super Ripe and Rich Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa 2012 - More Than Your Typical Rosé  Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - A Brilliant Burger Wine  Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera 2011 - A Beauty Of A Barbera  Gnarly Head Authentic Red 2010 - Ready to Party   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130725"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Gnarly Head Authentic Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/gnarly-head-authentic-red.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
686,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Loire Valley, France.  SRP of $11 and available widely for $10. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Guy Saget Estates is a family owned and managed Loire Valley winery, now in its 8th generation.  Clean refreshing with a good length the taste is a whirlwind of freshness, complexity, finesse and ends with notes of ripe melon. Ideally pairs with goat cheese or as an apertif.  12.5% Alcohol""Sauvignon Blanc is definitely growing on me. I must admit that in the past this has not been my favorite varietal. Lately, however, Ive been tasting some really delicious wine made from this grape. Add to that the fact that Ive enjoyed the other Guy Saget wines Ive tried recently, both red and white, and todays wine was an easy choice.    The 2010 Guy Saget Estates La Petite Perriere Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of citrus (lots of lemon), some tropical fruit and floral notes. Tasting the wine shows a really a good combination of flavors with pear, lemon, ripe melon and tart green apple. The finish lasts for a long time and features a little citrus zest plus lots of guava. Overall a very pleasant and food flexible wine with good flavor at a great price. Cheers!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120222"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Guy Saget Estates La Petite Perrierie Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     "
687,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc. SRP of $11 but widely available for $10.   Sample received courtesy The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""For our Hess Select Sauvignon Blanc, Californias North Coast vineyards deliver flavors of pear, lychee, verbena and lime, balanced by aromas of citrus, freshly mown grass and flinty mineral notes. We work exclusively with family growers who farm sustainably, part of our commitment to nurture the land we celebrate. 13.5% Alcohol""This is the third Hess Select wine weve reviewed. (Previously: 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon and 2009 Chardonnay). We liked the other two wines very much, but can this Sauvignon Blanc keep the winning streak alive?  The 2010 Hess Select North Coast Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of gooseberry, melon, guava, and a little bit of wood. The wine tastes of tropical and citrus fruits, predominantly guava, grapefruit, and a healthy dose of lemon/lime cola. The lemon/lime shines through on the nice medium-long finish. This is just a really nice Sauvignon Blanc that should have wide appeal. The wine held up just fine on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110811"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Hess Select North Coast Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
688,"  80% Clairette and 20% Roussanne from Côtes du Rhône, France.  SRP of $12 and available for $9. Sample received courtesy Palm Bay International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Jean-Luc Colombo has forged an international reputation as one of the most visionary and imaginative winemakers in Frances Rhone Valley and especially in Cornas. My passion is to create wines that give people pleasure. I want each glass to be remembered for their statement of quality. Jean-Luc Colombo  Les Abeilles (""the bees"") is a complex, multi-faceted wine that evokes the image of these fascinating creatures, often seen around our vineyards. A blend of traditional white southern Rhone grapes, Les Abeilles originates from vines grown in the regions ancient, terraced vineyards. This gracious, medium-bodied white has floral and fruity aromas and a supple, harmonious palate. Enjoy anytime!  13.0% Alcohol""Last week we reviewed the other Les Abeilles wine from Jean-Luc Colombo, the Rouge, and loved it. Today we turn to the white blend. The 2010 Jean-Luc Colombo Les Abeilles Côtes du Rhône Blanc begins with floral honeysuckle aromas as well as citrus, green apple and pear. The wine tastes of smooth pear and lemon flavors. This wine has good acidity and is food friendly with a nice finish. Dont serve this one too cold to get the best flavors. Cheers!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111227"",  ""title"" : ""Jean-Luc Colombo Les Abeilles Blanc Côtes du Rhône 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
689,"   With so much great, cheap Grenache coming out of Spain, can California compete?   77% Grenache, 17% Syrah, 4% Mourvèdre and 1% Petite Sirah from Monterey, California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Alakai, a blend of Grenache, Syrah, Mourvedre and Petite Sirah is dark and structured, but with finesse and elegance. Wild cherry flavors are balanced by rich black fruit and accented with spicy notes of cinnamon and white pepper. Petite Sirah and Mourvedre add backbone to this Grenache-focused blend. Splash decant and enjoy.  14.4% Alcohol""Todays wine from Joel Gott, named after his wifes dog when he met her, is a Rhone-style blend dominated by Grenache (also known as Garnacha in Spain). And while it may be inexpensive for a Rhone wine, the big question for me was whether this California wine could compete with so much great, cheap Garnacha coming out of Spain. As it turns out, this wine does quite admirably.  The 2010 Joel Gott Alakai Red Wine begins with abundant aromas of dark fruit, baking spice, anise and licorice. Tasting the wine reveals lots of nice rich fruit and a smooth texture. There is a great spicy streak carrying through the wine and some earthy notes that come out near the end. Speaking of the finish, the abundant fruit gives way to licorice, spice and the aforementioned earthy notes which last in the mouth for quite a long time.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130603"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Joel Gott Alakai"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/joel-gott-alakai-red-wine.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
690,"  100% Petite Sirah from California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy McManis Family Vineyards for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""The McManis family estate is recognized as the premiere site for Petite Sirah grapes in the Northern Interior, so the excellent quality of this wine is no surprise! Fermented for 7-9 days and aged on French and American oak for 4 months, the wine is vivid purple with lively flavors of boysenberry, blackberry and cassis, with hints of hazelnut and toffee in the bouquet. The wine is full flavored, rich and substantial, with a long, mouthwatering finish.  14.5% Alcohol""Petite Sirah is an under-appreciated varietal that I really enjoy. Not only do wines of this variety tend to be big and full-bodied, but Petite Sirah is one of my favorite pairings with chocolate. In fact, you may have seen some of the articles recently claiming that red wine is not a good match for chocolate...dont believe it. Next time you are partaking in some rich dark chocolate goodness, pair it up with a succulent Petite Sirah and watch the fireworks happen in your mouth.  The 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Petite Sirah begins with rich aromas of blackberry, baking spice, black currant, toffee and black pepper. This very dry wine tastes of smoky blackberry and sour black cherry. The finish shows some spice, lingering notes of oak, toffee and chocolate. Give it some time to breathe to get the best taste.   Other reviews of McManis Family Vineyard wine: 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir Jack Tone Vineyards Red Wine Box Jack Tone Vineyards White Wine Box  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120227"",  ""title"" : ""2010 McManis Family Vineyards Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
691," Includes an explanation of Sur Lie.    100% Chardonnay from Lodi, California.  SRP of $11 and available widely for $10. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Morro Bay is proudly Lodi Rules Certified. Lodi Rules incorporates a wide range of sustainable practices not only for grape growing but also for the surrounding ecosystems. These practices include the use of solar power, recycling all paper/glass/water & wildlife habitat restoration among many other green initiatives.  Morro Bay, a historic fishing village located between Santa Barbara and Monterey, is the inspiration for this finely crafted Chardonnay. Made using the classic Burgundian ""Sur Lie"" method, aged 7 months, and incorporating French and American oak yields a supple well balanced Chardonnay suited to a wide variety of cuisines.  13.9% Alcohol""The ""Sur Lie"" in the name of todays wine translates as ""on the lees"", but what are lees exactly? Basically its the sediment at the bottom of a container -- for wine this includes the grape skins, seeds, pulp, stem fragments, etc. Sur Lie is a traditional technique where the juice is kept in contact with the lees. When the lees settle to the bottom they are then occasionally lifted and stirred into the wine. This is done to enhance the complexity and mouthfeel of a wine but it is very labor intensive as it can take up to a year to get the desired effect. (Six months for todays wine.) And when your wine only costs $10, this isnt necessarily a common procedure. Lets find out what kind of wine this method produces.  My first impression upon smelling the 2010 Morro Bay Split Oak Estates Sur Lie Chardonnay was that I might be dealing with what I call a ""State Fair Chardonnay"", or one that has the unmistakable aroma of buttered corn (not my favorite style). Once poured though those aromas dissipate and as it turns out, this wine is much more neutral when tasting and actually quite delicious! The wine tastes creamy, but still crisp, and features tropical fruit, vanilla and just a little oak. It finishes nicely with creamy lemon notes and pineapple with just a tiny bit of toasty oak at the very end. A really nice, solid and fairly neutral Chardonnay.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120714"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Morro Bay Split Oak Estates Chardonnay Sur Lie,  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/07/morro-bay-split-oak-estates-chardonnay.html"" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
692,"   Ten Dollar Tannat.   100% Tannat from Juanico, Canelones, Uruguay.  SRP of $11 and available for $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Close to the sea, with the adoring presence of the sun, our grapes are grown to offer the people the fruits of the earth turned to art by man.  From the best Uruguayan soils PDS is born, a range of single varietal noble wines. Tannat PDS is the varietal from Uruguay in all its splendour. Intense ruby colour and full bodied.  12.5% Alcohol""Today we have our second installment of Tannat Tuesday! Last week we began our series with Artesana Tannat 2011 - Is the signature grape of Uruguay set for a breakthrough? Today we are featuring a wine that is also 100% Tannat, but happens to be more widely available than our first selection and at only $10 it makes a great place to start your exploration of this variety.   And please note that when I say ""more widely available"" realize this wine will still likely be hard to find, but were featuring Tannat from Uruguay because we believe it to be just on cusp of becoming very popular, trying to jump on the trend early if you will, and that means it will take a little work on your part if you want to try them!  The 2010 Pueblo del Sol Tannat begins with pleasant aromas of plum, a little cranberry, light lilac notes and touch of dark chocolate. The wine tastes smooth with lots of tart juicy fruit (plum and blackberry) and a little spice that lasts all the way into the finish. Its a fairly straightforward, easy to drink wine with soft but persistent tannins. Its not nearly as big as last weeks Tannat and is more of a fruit-driven wine that should also be quite food flexible. It ends dry with medium length and a touch of minerality under the fruit.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130917"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Pueblo del Sol Tannat"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/tannat-tuesday-pueblo-del-sol-tannat.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
693,"  88% Cabernet Sauvignon, 5% Syrah, 3% Merlot, 2% Petit Verdot, 1% Malbec and 1% Cabernet Franc from the Central Coast of California.  SRP of $11 and available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Folsom and Associates for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Through tireless winemaking innovation, an uncompromising eye for quality and unshakable faith in Californias vineyards, Robert Mondavi was a pioneer in producing wines that rival the worlds finest.  Our Cabernet Sauvignon brims with blackberries, plums and spices, with smooth oak nuances from barrel aging.  13.5% Alcohol""You may be wondering why a wine that is labeled as Cabernet Sauvignon also has such small quantities of five other varieties in it. Based on the labeling laws in the U.S. a wine only needs to have 75% of one variety to be labeled as such. Todays wine at 88% Cabernet Sauvignon easily meets that requirement. Why they chose to add such tiny quantities of five additional varieties, I dont know, but honestly, I dont really care! Why?  Number one, the people at Robert Mondavi have been making wine long enough that they know how to create really nice wines. Number two, my primary concern is how a wine tastes.  As Ive stated before -- here at The Reverse Wine Snob were not about wines living up to varietal ""expectations"", we just want to know if the wine tastes good! The 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Cabernet Sauvignon begins with aromas of ripe plum, a little green pepper and toasty oak. Tasting the wine shows a smooth texture with lots of good dark fruit, some toasty oak and a little spice. The dry finish features some sour cherry notes and nice tannins. Another nice wine from the consistently good Robert Mondavi Private Selection.  Other Robert Mondavi Private Selection wine reviewed: 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2009 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Grigio 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Chardonnay  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120229"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
694,"  100% Vignoles from the Ozark Highlands, Missouri.  SRP of $10 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy the winery for review purposes.  From the bottle:""SIP: Tropical aromas of pineapple, melon and citrus. Flavors of marmalade and apricot with a lemon zest edge.  SAVOR: Excellent with spicy Asian foods, lemon pepper chicken or a variety of cheeses.  SHARE: Wine is best enjoyed with friends and family. St. James Winery invites you to share and enjoy our award winning wines.  11.5% Alcohol""Yes, thats right this wine is from Missouri. Not exactly the first wine region that comes to mind, I admit, but evidently they can grow some really nice grapes in the Ozark Highlands. In fact, wine has been made here since the mid-1800s and today they grow just about every variety of grape.   Not only do they make wine here, but they make good wine here. St. James Winery has won all kinds of awards for their wines, including todays wine made from the Vignoles grape. Vignoles is a hybrid of Pinot Noir and a grape called Seibel and is popular in cooler areas like the Ozarks and the Finger Lakes region in New York.  The 2010 St. James Winery Vignoles Ozark Highlands Semi-Dry White Wine begins with balanced aromas of pineapple, citrus and melon. The wine tastes of lots of sweet pineapple. There are apricot and lemon flavors as well, but really just a lot of pineapple. This wine is sweet like a Moscato and has some of the same flavors in addition to all the pineapple. The pineapple continues on the finish and a little citrus zest also makes an appearance. Really very tasty, especially for pineapple lovers!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120319"",  ""title"" : ""2010 St. James Winery Vignoles Semi-Dry White Wine"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
695,"  100% Chardonnay from Livermore Valley, California.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Wente Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Wente Vineyards, established in 1883, was the first California winery to produce a wine labeled as Chardonnay from grapes grown on its Wente Clone. Today, many of the great Chardonnay vineyards in California are planted with the Wente Clone. Our Morning Fog Chardonnay is Estate Grown and sustainably farmed in the Livermore Valley, a region where vineyards are cooled by morning fog that rolls in from the San Francisco Bay, resulting in enhanced varietal character and crisp, natural acidity. This flavorful wine, with notes of apple and toasty graham, delivers a lingering, refreshing finish. Enjoy.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is named for the morning fog that comes in off the San Francisco Bay all the way to the Livermore Valley. Weve long been fans of wines made in this area, beginning with Concannon Vineyard but this is our first time tasting a wine from Wente.   The 2010 Wente Estate Grown Morning Fog Chardonnay begins with aromas of green apple, pear and a bit of toasty oak baked in a little cinnamon. Tasting the wine shows a nice, lightly creamy mouthfeel with good acidity and excellent balance between the fruit and the oak. It ends with a bit of butter along with a hint of minerality on the long finish. Im not a huge fan of oaky Chardonnay, but this was quite good with its relatively light oak influence (50% French oak).  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120806"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Wente Estate Grown Morning Fog Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
696,"  96% Shiraz and 4% Viognier from South Australia.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Another vacation purchase, this time at Cost Plus World Market for $10.   From the bottle: ""The Yalumba Y Series of quality wines salutes our proud history of viticulture and winemaking in South Australia. Significantly, the individual icons on each label reflect the labours, inventive thinking and aspirations of all at Yalumba.  The Shiraz Vioginier depicts the horse, a symbol of our past when they were the transport and tractor of Yalumba. Nowadays, we enjoy a day at the races watching magnificent thoroughbreds cross the finish line carrying our colours and money! A medium weight, generous mouthful of blueberries and Turkish delight.  14.5% Alcohol""If youre a fan of Shiraz like I am youve probably noticed that many wines labeled as Shiraz also blend in a small amount of Viognier, which is a white grape. Back in the day in France these two grapes were often grown side by side in the vineyard and many wineries used to field blend their grapes -- basically pick both types of grapes at the same time -- and then ferment them together. That practice is not nearly as common today, but it is quite common to blend varieties together after fermentation. Even in wines labeled as a single variety! Read on...   Somewhat surprisingly, in most areas a wine only needs to contain somewhere between 75-85% of a single variety to be labeled as such. This means up to 25% of a wine labeled as Shiraz could actually be from other varieties. This isnt necessarily a bad thing, as Im a big fan of blends, but it does bother me when the wineries dont specify it on the label. Yes, a wine that has 75% Shiraz can still technically be called a Shiraz, but please let us know somewhere on the label what other varieties are included. Kudos to todays wine for doing just that.  The 2010 Yalumba The Y Series Shiraz Viognier begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackcurrant, baking spice, a little mocha and some light floral notes. Tasting the wine shows lots of ripe dark fruit that is a bit on the tart side along with excellent layers of licorice and spice. Overall this wine is a bit on the rough side but it fits the character of the wine so it works quite well. The 4% Viognier adds a really nice floral character to the wine while still letting those signature Shiraz notes shine through. Quite nice and it gets even better once its had a bit of time in the glass.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120823"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Yalumba The Y Series Shiraz Viognier"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/yalumba-y-series-shiraz-viognier-2010.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
697,"   Another nice value from South Africa. (Pretty cool label too!)  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Constantia, Coastal Region, South Africa.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy Cape Classics for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Buitenverwachting, which means ""beyond expectation"", brings you beyond a mouth-watering, full-bodied and fragrant wine.  12.5% Alcohol""Is there anything South Africa cant do when it comes to wine? (And at a great price to boot?) From Red Blends to Chenin Blanc to Syrah to Rosé to Cabernet Sauvignon to White Blends to Pinotage to Chardonnay to The Honey Badger -- South Africa is consistently delivering quality wines at great prices. And todays Sauvignon Blanc is no different.  The 2011 Buitenverwachting Beyond Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of orange peel, pineapple and other tropical fruit along with a little grassiness. Tasting the wine reveals lots of guava, lime and tropical fruit flavors that intensify all the way to the finish. This is simply a very flavorful wine that also has an excellent lively acidity. It finishes with good length while some herbal notes show at the very end. A nice, flavor-full Sauvignon Blanc and another excellent value wine from South Africa!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121010"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Beyond Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/buitenverwachting-beyond-sauvignon-blanc.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
698,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Casablanca Valley, Chile.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This Sauvignon Blanc is a wine with a story to tell. It was born at Loma Roja, a Casablanca Valley block located on soft, red clay slopes overlooking the small coastal town of Algarrobo, notorious for the ancient lighthouse it once harboured. There, a strong Pacific Ocean influence and mineral soils concur to foster this crisp, yellow-green wine. Notes of yellow chili, litchi, lemon and grapefruit, well-achieved acidity and mineral tones complement its intrinsic freshness and length. The winemaker intended this Sauvignon Blanc to be young and fresh, so we sealed it with a specially designed screwcap to keep it so. Uncap the saga and let it live on.  13.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is the fourth in our series on the Coastal Whites of Chile and the third Sauvignon Blanc. And like several of the wines in this series this one also comes from the Casablanca Valley, which is a relative newcomer to the wine scene with the first plantings beginning in the mid-80s. This area has quickly established a reputation as an excellent place to grow white wine grapes, with Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay making up the bulk of the production.   The 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc begins with light and a bit restrained aromas of peach and grapefruit. The wine tastes of light fruit, primarily peaches and green apple along with a slight vegetal component. This one is on the simple side with good balance and acidity. The finish is short but fresh. A great wine for those who like a nice mellow Sauvignon Blanc.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120425"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       Wines in the Chile Coastal Whites series: 2011 Vina Casablanca Nimbus Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild Sauvignon Blanc 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay  Also be sure to check out Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carménère!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
699,"   The three De Martino Estate wines, plus the Legado (review here). All made from organic grapes.  Today we are reviewing a new line of wines from the second largest producer of organic wine in Chile -- De Martino. De Martino began the process to convert to organic farming of their grapes in 1998 and three years later had their first harvest. Helped by the unique climate and terroir of the Maipo Valley, which keeps their vines healthy and disease free, converting to organic farming was an easy choice. The new Estate Organic Collection is intended to showcase the best of these wines, and at an SRP of $14, this is something we can wholeheartedly support.  The collection includes Sauvignon Blanc, Carmenere and Cabernet Sauvignon single varietals from Maipo Valley, Chile. All are produced using organic grapes. Each wine has an SRP of $14 and should be available for around $10-$12. Samples submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The Estate Organic Range reflects De Martinos innovative spirit and commitment to producing sustainable wines of the highest quality from Chiles historic Maipo Valley. These wines originate from the familys organically farmed and certified vineyard in Isla de Maipo, an old alluvial terrace of the River Maipo and in ideal climatic conditions."" 2012 De Martino Estate Organic Sauvignon Blanc   From the bottle: ""This Sauvignon Blanc has a fresh, intense nose bursting with citrus aromas and a light herbaceous touch. The acidity is well balanced, making this an easy-to-drink and friendly wine.  13.5% Alcohol""The Sauvignon Blanc begins with pleasant aromas of grapefruit and melon. The grapefruit continues when tasting this nicely textured wine and lasts all the way into finish. The wine is definitely a bit grassy but thats held in check by lots of citrus zest and some nice minerality that comes out near the finish, plus good acidity. A grapefruit lovers delight!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  2011 De Martino Estate Organic Carmenere   From the bottle: ""This Carmenere presents aromas of spices which combine perfectly with notes of red fruit. It is very friendly on the palate and well balanced on the finish. A wonderful example of how Chilean Carmenere expresses itself.  13.5% Alcohol""The Carmenere begins with aromas of dark fruit, tobacco, a little spice and some green vegetal notes. This medium-bodied wine tastes of dark fruit and spice, just like the nose, along with a bit of black pepper. The green notes also continue and are even more pronounced in the mouth. It ends with tobacco and coffee notes on the long finish. I would have guessed this wine was aged in oak, but to my surprise it only saw stainless steel.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  2011 De Martino Estate Organic Cabernet Sauvignon   From the bottle: ""Intense ruby red in color, this wine is elegant and fruity -- an excellent exponent of Maipo Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. The nose is bursting with red and black fruit aromas, and the palate is balanced and smooth, and full of character.  13.5% Alcohol""The Cabernet Sauvignon is even greener on the nose than the Carmenere and even a bit medicinal but give this wine plenty of time to open up and it improves immensely. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth, soft texture just like the others. (Perhaps this is a signature of De Martino wines?) Theres also plenty of savory dark fruit flavors on this medium-bodied wine. It ends with nice juicy fruit that lasts a good while, with some tobacco notes underneath. Quite nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Also check out the review of the De Martino Legado Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon Malbec!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
700,"   The three De Martino Estate wines, plus the Legado (review here). All made from organic grapes.  Today we are reviewing a new line of wines from the second largest producer of organic wine in Chile -- De Martino. De Martino began the process to convert to organic farming of their grapes in 1998 and three years later had their first harvest. Helped by the unique climate and terroir of the Maipo Valley, which keeps their vines healthy and disease free, converting to organic farming was an easy choice. The new Estate Organic Collection is intended to showcase the best of these wines, and at an SRP of $14, this is something we can wholeheartedly support.  The collection includes Sauvignon Blanc, Carmenere and Cabernet Sauvignon single varietals from Maipo Valley, Chile. All are produced using organic grapes. Each wine has an SRP of $14 and should be available for around $10-$12. Samples submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The Estate Organic Range reflects De Martinos innovative spirit and commitment to producing sustainable wines of the highest quality from Chiles historic Maipo Valley. These wines originate from the familys organically farmed and certified vineyard in Isla de Maipo, an old alluvial terrace of the River Maipo and in ideal climatic conditions."" 2012 De Martino Estate Organic Sauvignon Blanc   From the bottle: ""This Sauvignon Blanc has a fresh, intense nose bursting with citrus aromas and a light herbaceous touch. The acidity is well balanced, making this an easy-to-drink and friendly wine.  13.5% Alcohol""The Sauvignon Blanc begins with pleasant aromas of grapefruit and melon. The grapefruit continues when tasting this nicely textured wine and lasts all the way into finish. The wine is definitely a bit grassy but thats held in check by lots of citrus zest and some nice minerality that comes out near the finish, plus good acidity. A grapefruit lovers delight!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  2011 De Martino Estate Organic Carmenere   From the bottle: ""This Carmenere presents aromas of spices which combine perfectly with notes of red fruit. It is very friendly on the palate and well balanced on the finish. A wonderful example of how Chilean Carmenere expresses itself.  13.5% Alcohol""The Carmenere begins with aromas of dark fruit, tobacco, a little spice and some green vegetal notes. This medium-bodied wine tastes of dark fruit and spice, just like the nose, along with a bit of black pepper. The green notes also continue and are even more pronounced in the mouth. It ends with tobacco and coffee notes on the long finish. I would have guessed this wine was aged in oak, but to my surprise it only saw stainless steel.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  2011 De Martino Estate Organic Cabernet Sauvignon   From the bottle: ""Intense ruby red in color, this wine is elegant and fruity -- an excellent exponent of Maipo Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. The nose is bursting with red and black fruit aromas, and the palate is balanced and smooth, and full of character.  13.5% Alcohol""The Cabernet Sauvignon is even greener on the nose than the Carmenere and even a bit medicinal but give this wine plenty of time to open up and it improves immensely. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth, soft texture just like the others. (Perhaps this is a signature of De Martino wines?) Theres also plenty of savory dark fruit flavors on this medium-bodied wine. It ends with nice juicy fruit that lasts a good while, with some tobacco notes underneath. Quite nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Also check out the review of the De Martino Legado Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon Malbec!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
701,"  100% Pinot Grigio from IGT Provincia di Pavia, Lombardy, Italy.  SRP of $10 and available for as low as $9. Sample received courtesy Winesource International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""TASTES LIKE: a feisty Italian affair packed with peachy gusto, pineapple zeal and citrus zing finishing with satisfying fruity freshness.  GOES WITH: almost anything, anywhere, both indoors and out with particular affinity to all things Italian. Think pizza, pasta and passion!  12.5% Alcohol""The Beach House Pinot Grigio is the fourth wine weve sampled from the The Beach House line, but unlike the others this one does not come from South Africa. For todays wine Douglas Green went to the source of classic Pinot Grigio -- Italy. And as it turns out this was a very good choice.  First, lets review the other Beach House wines weve enjoyed: 2011 Douglas Green The Beach House Rosé - The Fruits of Summer  2010 Douglas Green The Beach House White - Pairs Well With Summer  2010 Douglas Green The Beach House Red - A Savory and Spicy Summer Sipper  All are highly recommended and two of the three have even spent time on our Top 10 lists! And just as you might expect given the name, these are all great matches with summer. Lets see if todays Pinot Grigio can continue the winning streak...  The 2011 Douglas Green The Beach House Pinot Grigio smells like classic Pinot Grigio (a good thing) with lots of peach, citrus and tropical fruit. The wine tastes nice and zesty with good depth of flavor -- not super light and watered down like a lot of mass market Pinot Grigio. The primary flavors when tasting are peach, pineapple, and lemon/lime. It ends with a good succulent finish that lasts surprisingly long. The verdict? A very good, classic Pinot Grigio at a great price!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120919"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Douglas Green The Beach House Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/douglas-green-beach-house-pinot-grigio.html"" };   Advertise or Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
702,"   It even smells like pizza sauce.   100% Nero dAvola from Sicily, Italy. Made with organic grapes.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $9. Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""Produced from 100% Nero dAvola, Sicilys most renowned indigenous grape variety, this wine offers the perfect expression of Sicily, just as nature intended it. Using only natural methods for fertilization and pest control, we have extended our total commitment to the environment by using all eco-friendly products for our packaging, recycled paper and pure vegetable ink for the label, 85% recycled glass for the bottle and recycled cardboard for the cartons. The wine continues the unique style of the Sicilian terrain with the red berry fruit, layered structure and soft tannins of the grapes. Unadulterated pleasure while preserving and protecting the planet.   13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Feudo di Santa Tresa Purato Nero dAvola Terre Siciliane begins with aromas of sour cherry, a bit of smoked meat, earth and savory Italian herbs. In fact, it almost smells like a good pizza or marinara sauce, which is certainly what you should eat it with! Tasting the wine reveals it to be loaded with rich and juicy sour cherry and other red berry flavors, more savory herbs and even a hint of green olives. Soft tannins and a smooth texture lead into the long finish which also features a bit of black tea under the rich fruit.   Looking for more great pizza wine? Check our $8 Italian Reds series and 10 Wines Under $20 That Pair Perfectly With Pizza.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140116"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Purato Nero dAvola"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/purato-nero-davola.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
703," Four Delicious Finger Lakes Rieslings For Under $15!    This years line-up.   This year I once again had the opportunity to taste a number of Rieslings from the Finger Lakes as part of the Finger Lakes Wine Alliance Riesling Hour. Riesling is huge in the Finger Lakes. As I noted in last years post there are over 1,000 acres of Riesling being grown in this area that result in over 100,000 of cases of Riesling annually from 200 different brands. But the thing that impressed me even more this year was the quality of the four wines I tasted, all priced at under $15!  With that, lets move right into the reviews! Up first is the 2011 Fulkerson Winery Semi-Dry Riesling with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10.  From the bottle: ""The noble grape that superbly in our shale soil shows off in another style. Our semi-dry has a flowery nose backed up by tropical fruit. The nice mouth feel expresses tastes of crisp apple and peach that will excite your taste buds. Enjoy with roast pork, ham, glazed ribs and chicken with cream sauces.  11.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Fulkerson Winery Semi-Dry Riesling begins with very pleasant aromas of apple, honey, peach and a little pineapple. The wine tastes sweet and light (delicate even) with lemon, apple and nectarine flavors. Quite good although the finish is a bit short.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next up was my favorite of the night, the 2011 Red Newt Cellars Semi-Dry Riesling with an SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12.     My Favorite! From the bottle: ""Riesling is the flagship wine grape variety of the Finger Lakes and truly shines when balanced with a touch of sweetness. Crisp and aromatic in the glass, Red Newt Semi-Dry is the ultimate expression of the Finger Lakes style. Bursting with layers of ripe pineapple, starfruit, kiwi, and mango, the palate is an expression of the perfect climate for Riesling. Subtle sweetness up front is delicately balanced for a clean, fresh finish, and is ideal for flavorful, spicy cuisine.  10.1% Alcohol""The 2011 Red Newt Cellars Semi-Dry Riesling begins with aromas of pear, honey and even some mineral notes. The wine has good balance and tastes excellent with lots of sweet pear and honey along with some spicy white pepper. It finishes clean with good length.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy Third is the 2011 Three Brothers Zero Degree Dry Riesling with an SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12.  From the bottle: ""Designed to showcase the versatility of the Finger Lakes Riesling grape, and the wines unique ability to be finished either dry or sweet. You decide...which degree do you prefer?  11.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Three Brothers Zero Degree Dry Riesling begins with a bit subdued aroma of apple and peach. It tastes great with a whole lot of fruit flavor covering up the wines dryness. Its actually quite nice to have a wine with so much fruit that is not overly sweet. The finish is medium-long and features more apple flavors.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Last up is the 2011 Wagner Vineyards Dry Riesling, with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $9.  From the winery: ""Wagner Vineyards is an estate bottled winery, currently farming over 200 acres of grapes, including more than 50 acres of Riesling. We ferment our Riesling at cool temperatures to preserve the delicate fruit character and bottle early, allowing it to gain complexity in the bottle. Our experience has shown that, given proper storage conditions, Riesling from Wagner Vineyards will continue to improve and develop for 5-7 years.  11.6% Alcohol""The 2011 Wagner Vineyards Dry Riesling begins with nice light aromas of tropical fruit and apple. The wine tastes lightly sweet with citrus, nectarine, pineapple and honey flavors but also has some good minerality. Those flavors turn a bit tart on the finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. All wines were samples received courtesy Finger Lakes Wine Alliance for review purposes.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
704,"  100% Organic Torrontés from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $10 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Marquee Selections for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This clean, young wine comes from Mendoza, Argentina, where the juicy white grape Torrontés has found its home! This is a light/medium bodied wine with intense floral aromas & fresh herbal notes. As if walking through a field of wildflowers, you stop and pick a rose, the enticing aroma mixes with the broken stems grassiness; a true delight! Starbright with lemon, lychee, & a hint of cashew nuts, pair with Asian influenced salad or grilled shrimp!  13.0% Alcohol""Im quickly becoming a big fan of Torrontés. This is really just a delicious grape that rarely sees any oak in the winemaking process and as such the delicious fruit is allowed to shine. Some might find these wines a bit on the simple side, but the good ones are always refreshing and easy to drink. Todays is just such an example.  The 2011 Grazioso Organic Torrontés begins with really sweet aromas of melon, lemon, and peach along with some floral notes. The wine tastes light, crisp and fresh with lemon, peach, and pineapple flavors. This light-bodied wine even shows a little spice and has a nice finish. Overall a good example of a light and refreshing Torrontés, and organic to boot!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120217"",  ""title"" : ""Grazioso Organic Torrontés 2011"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
705,"   #Awesome!  95% Shiraz and 5% Pinotage from Western Cape, South Africa.  This is a new release with an SRP of $9. It will be available widely soon. Sample received courtesy WineSource International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Lured by the Honeyguide Bird to the tempting dangers of the beehive, Africa’s Honey Badger attacks with little regard for the stinging consequences reaping the sweet reward of teamwork.  This undeterred attitude and unlikely partnership inspired the identity of this boldly sweet red that panders to those who prefer their wine rich, ripe and sumptuously fruity. Smooth, succulent and simply delicious socially or with red meat on the BBQ, mature yellow cheese or berry inspired desserts.  12.5% Alcohol""The crazy Honey Badger dont care if you dont like sweet red wine! Actually Honey Badger Wines do care and its the reason theyve created this wine. Their goal was to create a sweet wine for drinkers who enjoy full bodied reds but also want a little extra sweetness. This market is big and growing fast. If you dont believe me, just witness the stunning popularity of wines like Apothic Red. The question remains; however, aside from the rather awesome marketing how does this sweet red taste? (And if the whole Honey Badger thing is foreign to you, check out the video at the end of this post.)  The 2011 Honey Badger Sweet Red Wine begins with a nice full aroma featuring smoky ripe berry with a touch of oak and dark chocolate. The wine tastes smooth and sweet with lots of dark berries, a little mulberry and spice. The extra sugar in sweet red wines tends to dampen any bitterness or harsh tannins resulting in a very smooth quality, which is exactly the case here. On the finish some woody, oaky notes become more prominent and help to offset some of the sweetness. I can see this easy-to-drink wine becoming quite popular even aside from the hip marketing. Serve slightly chilled for the best experience.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120911"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Honey Badger Sweet Red Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/honey-badger-sweet-red-wine-2011.html"" };    The video that started it all, 50 million views and counting!  If the video is not displaying, click here to watch on YouTube.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
706,"   An extreme value with wide appeal.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from North Coast, CA.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""My fathers name was Joseph, as is mine, but his friends just called him Josh. Growers, that I call friends, all lend a hand in this, ""winemakers wine"", what we jokingly refer to as a ""vin de garage""; a handcrafted wine we made just for ourselves. This Cabernet Sauvignon offers ripe black currant flavors, and deep dark fruit nuances, accented by spice and smoke, matched with a long soft finish. A wine that is bold and expressive but unassuming, and approachable. Its funny how these characteristics seem to remind me of someone that I knew. Its a wine I made for my family, my friends, and a man I called Dad.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Josh Cellars North Coast Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, red licorice, a little vanilla, a bit of bramble and a hint of menthol. Tasting reveals a smooth, juicy and fruit forward wine featuring soft tannins, strawberry, and black cherry with a nice bit of spice leading into the dry finish. This is a solid, tasty Cabernet at a fantastic price that should have wide appeal.   And if that wasnt enough to entice you to try it, this might help: Josh Cellars is donating $1 for every bottle sold between 11/1 and 12/31/2013 to Operation Homefront, an organization weve mentioned before that does great work helping veterans and their families!    Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or aee a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131111"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Josh Cellars Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/josh-cellars-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
707,"   Mmmmm Malbec  100% Malbec from Lujan de Cuyo, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $9. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Colour/Aroma/Taste: Intense red colour with blue and violet tinges. Fruity flavours where most significant are red fruits. Harmonious and elegant.  Suggested Match: Ideal for any kind of meat, chicken, duck and any kind of pasta, too.  14.0% Alcohol""We havent reviewed much Mendoza Malbec lately, which is too bad, but we have a very affordable one today from one of Argentinas most famed wineries, Lagarde, which was founded just before the turn of the 19th century. Todays wine is the ""Altas Cumbres"" Malbec which means ""high peaks"" and refers the high altitude vineyard where the grapes are grown. The 2011 vintage also unveils a new label design, shown in the photo above.  The 2011 Lagarde Alta Cumbres Malbec begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, red cherry, herbal notes and a bit of spice. Tasting the wine reveals juicy fruit that is a bit on the sour side, primarily blackberry, black cherry, blueberry and raspberry. Theres also cola and a bit of spice. The fruit continues on the long finish. All in all its quite tasty -- rather basic, but basic Malbec is good Malbec!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130104"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Lagarde Alta Cumbres Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/lagarde-alta-cumbres-malbec.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
708,"  Grenache, Syrah and Cinsault from Cotes du Rhone, France.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Terlato Wines International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""My Reference.  Wines with a Signature, the expression of M. Chapoutier taste. A will to avoid developing a ""typical taste"" or a set style. On the contrary, a permanent objective to work on differences in tastes, to bring out the specific tastes provided by each local terroir and wine.  This is how we could sum up the Chapoutier Estate quest, which has been present in the Rhone Valley since 1808.  13.0% Alcohol""Not sure I followed all that, but its really inconsequential because this is another great rosé. Much like those found on our Refreshing Rosé list and the recently reviewed Beach House Rosé, today we have another inexpensive and delicious summertime sipper.  The 2011 M. Chapoutier Belleruche Cotes-Du-Rhone Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry and other red fruits plus a little citrus. Tasting this fresh wine shows lots of red fruit, a little watermelon, spice and some sour apple. This wine has a really nice, clean taste and is slightly creamy. On the finish the sour apple and cherry flavors get a little stronger. Delicious stuff.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120731"",  ""title"" : ""2011 M. Chapoutier Belleruche Cotes-Du-Rhone Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
709,"   Smooth and Smoky.   60% Grenache and 40% Syrah from Cotes-du-Rhone, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Terlato Wines International.  From the bottle: ""My Reference.  A permanent objective to work on differences in tastes, to bring out the specific tastes provided by each local terroir and wine. This is how we could sum up the Chapoutier Estate quest, which has been present in the Rhone Valley since 1808.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second weve reviewed in the Belleruche series from M. Chapoutier. The first was a delightful rosé: M. Chapoutier Belleruche Cotes-Du-Rhone Rosé 2011 - Pink, French and Refreshing. Both wines hail from the Cotes-du-Rhone appellation within the larger Rhone region in France.   The 2011 M. Chapoutier Cotes-du-Rhone Belleruche Rouge is a bit barnyardy at first, but after a little air leather, red cherry and other red berry fruit aromas take over. Tasting the wine reveals lots of rich blackberry, a smoky character and a really nice smooth texture. Those smoky notes lead right into the medium-long finish. Quite nice!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130730"",  ""title"" : ""2011 M Chapoutier Cotes-du-Rhone Belleruche Rouge"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/m-chapoutier-cotes-du-rhone-belleruche-rouge.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
710,"  100% Viognier from California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy McManis Family Vineyards for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""This McManis family favorite makes a perfect pairing for your own family gatherings! From Thanksgiving turkey to holiday spiral ham, this Viognier offers just a hint of tropical fruit that perfectly pairs with the briny flavors of holiday fare.  13.5% Alcohol""Viognier is a grape that while once on the decline, has made quite a dramatic return in the last 20 years or so. Besides being found in France where it is used in Rhone blends, it can be found all across the United States these days: from New York, to Virginia to Missouri to Oregon to California. Not to mention other countries like Argentina, Chile and Australia. The distinguishing feature of wines made from Viognier are the perfumed floral aromas.  Todays wine is also another in the long line of wines weve enjoyed from McManis Family Vineyards. Those wines include a wonderful Zinfandel, a California Malbec, a Pinot Noir and a great Petite Sirah. And you can add in the Jack Tone line of boxed wines, also from McManis. So just how does todays wine measure up?  The 2011 McManis Family Vineyards Viognier begins with aromas of tropical fruit and pleasant floral notes of honeysuckle. The wine tastes very nice with a soft yet lively mouthfeel. It features lots of sweet tropical fruit, green apple and lemon. It ends with notes of tart pineapple on the medium-long finish. A wine that will hold up nicely with lots of different foods. Recommended.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120702"",  ""title"" : ""2011 McManis Family Vineyards Viognier"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
711,"   A pair of elegantly simple and food friendly finds from Italy!   Both wines have an SRP of $13 and can be found for as low as $10. Samples submitted for review.  Up first is the 2011 OGIO Pinot Grigio which is 100% Pinot Grigio from delle Venezie, Italy.   From the bottle: ""OGIO captures the Italian ideal of unquestionably good taste...from art and design to personal style to treating others with warmth and grace.  Citrus and melon aromas segue beautifully into a perfect balance of natural tartness and rich fruit on the palate. This medium-bodied Pinot Grigio will enhance everything from salads and seafoods to spicy ethnic foods.  12.0% Alcohol""While an awful lot of Pinot Grigio leaves an awful lot to be desired, a fact Ive been vocal about in the past, when it is done well I have to give it props. And todays wine is done well.  The 2011 OGIO Pinot Grigio begins with aromas of flowers and citrus, but its really rather subdued which frankly had me worried that we were looking at the typical weak and lifeless Pinot Grigio. Fortunately that all changed when tasting this easy to drink wine that features lots of tangy melon and citrus and a really nice depth of flavor. Its not very complex, but it is very good. It ends tangy and tart with good length.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next is the 2011 OGIO Tuscan Red a blend of 85% Sangiovese, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Merlot from Tuscany, Italy.   From the bottle: ""This is a polished Tuscan red with both fruit and spice. Perfectly balanced with a nice touch of acidity, it is exceptionally food friendly and pairs wonderfully with beef as well as pasta with meat or tomato sauces.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 OGIO Tuscan Red begins with aromas of tart red fruit (cherry, raspberry and cranberry), a little spice and a touch of smoked meat. It tastes nice and easy to drink with soft tannins. Lots of tart and juicy fruit and a bright acidity help to make this one a very good food wine. Spice notes carry into the medium-long finish. Just like the Pinot Grigio this is not a very complex wine yet theres still something quite elegant and refined about its easy drinking character and simplicity.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy OGIO Wines also makes a Prosecco that we did not have a chance to review; however, be sure to check out Ben Carters excellent Benitos Wine Reviews site for his take on that one!  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
712,"   A pair of elegantly simple and food friendly finds from Italy!   Both wines have an SRP of $13 and can be found for as low as $10. Samples submitted for review.  Up first is the 2011 OGIO Pinot Grigio which is 100% Pinot Grigio from delle Venezie, Italy.   From the bottle: ""OGIO captures the Italian ideal of unquestionably good taste...from art and design to personal style to treating others with warmth and grace.  Citrus and melon aromas segue beautifully into a perfect balance of natural tartness and rich fruit on the palate. This medium-bodied Pinot Grigio will enhance everything from salads and seafoods to spicy ethnic foods.  12.0% Alcohol""While an awful lot of Pinot Grigio leaves an awful lot to be desired, a fact Ive been vocal about in the past, when it is done well I have to give it props. And todays wine is done well.  The 2011 OGIO Pinot Grigio begins with aromas of flowers and citrus, but its really rather subdued which frankly had me worried that we were looking at the typical weak and lifeless Pinot Grigio. Fortunately that all changed when tasting this easy to drink wine that features lots of tangy melon and citrus and a really nice depth of flavor. Its not very complex, but it is very good. It ends tangy and tart with good length.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next is the 2011 OGIO Tuscan Red a blend of 85% Sangiovese, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Merlot from Tuscany, Italy.   From the bottle: ""This is a polished Tuscan red with both fruit and spice. Perfectly balanced with a nice touch of acidity, it is exceptionally food friendly and pairs wonderfully with beef as well as pasta with meat or tomato sauces.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 OGIO Tuscan Red begins with aromas of tart red fruit (cherry, raspberry and cranberry), a little spice and a touch of smoked meat. It tastes nice and easy to drink with soft tannins. Lots of tart and juicy fruit and a bright acidity help to make this one a very good food wine. Spice notes carry into the medium-long finish. Just like the Pinot Grigio this is not a very complex wine yet theres still something quite elegant and refined about its easy drinking character and simplicity.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy OGIO Wines also makes a Prosecco that we did not have a chance to review; however, be sure to check out Ben Carters excellent Benitos Wine Reviews site for his take on that one!  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
713,"   An unusual blend thats unusually good.  66% Chenin Blanc and 34% Viognier from California.  SRP of $10 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy the winery for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""For more than forty years, weve been making white wines that are the perfect match for the foods of the spectacular coast of California. Twist open a bottle of Pepi and discover why this wine is an exceptional companion to salads, pasta and seafood. Our Chenin Blanc-Viognier is bursting with fresh fruit flavors and aromas of luscious peach and spiced pear.  13.0% Alcohol""Todays wine presents quite an interesting blend I dont think Ive ever seen before. Being a fan of both Chenin Blanc and Viognier I was excited to give this wine from Pepi, a California producer of white wines for past several decades, a try.  The 2011 Pepi Chenin Blanc Viognier begins with a pleasant aroma of tropical fruit (mango, guava, kiwi and banana) along with white peach, honeysuckle and a bit of almond. Tasting the wine reveals more tropical fruit, a nice level of sweetness and even a bit of spice. Theres also an underlying minerality that gives good contrast. Add in nice mouthfeel and acidity and youve got a fresh, pleasant blend that is quite easy to drink. It finishes fresh and clean with tropical fruit soaked mineral notes that last a surprisingly long time.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121105"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Pepi Chenic Blanc Viognier"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/pepi-chenin-blanc-viognier-2011.html"" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
714,"   A bubbly blend.   A blend of Croatina, Teroldego and Lagrein from Province of Pavia, Lombardy, Italy.  Available for as low as $8.99. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Palm Bay International.   From the bottle: ""Northern Italy provides a spectacular backdrop for Roscato, a violet-hued red with aromatic notes of cherry, blackberry and red raspberry. A touch of sweetness and bright acidity underlies the appeal of this charming wine. The traditional winemaking style for this fruit-forward red complements regional ""heart and soul"" cuisine such as bruschetta, calamari, pasta in red and cream sauces, breaded cutlets and spicier fare. Enjoy chilled.  7% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob we appreciate a good sparkling or semi-sparkling wine; however we havent covered many reds. Today weve got a real nice find for you that will match up with lots of different foods, whether they be Italian dishes, spicy fare, or better yet -- spicy Italian.   The 2011 Roscato Rosso Dolce begins with a pleasant fresh and fruity berry aroma. The wine tastes refreshing and easy to drink and is loaded with mixed berry flavors. While it is fairly sweet the effervescence and the acidity help keep it from getting out of hand. This would make a great option for white wine drinkers just starting out with reds and as we mentioned it also very food flexible. It ends with good length and sweet berry notes that linger for a long time. At its best served slightly chilled.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131003"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Roscato Rosso Dolce"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/roscato-rosso-dolce.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
715,"   Classic Chianti Classico for under $10.   90% Sangiovese and 10% Canaiolo Nero from Tuscany, Italy.  Purchased at Trader Joes for $9.99.   From the bottle: ""Made from carefully selected Sangiovese (90%) and Canaiolo Nero (10%) grapes. This wine has intense ruby color and aromas of ripe red fruit. This is a full, well-balanced wine with a nice finish.  Aged in small oak french barrels for twelve months and six months in the bottle to acquire smoothness.  Serve at room temperature with roasted beef, pork or lamb dishes.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Torraccia di Presura Il Tarocco Chianti Classico begins with the classic sour red and black cherry Sangiovese aromas, leather and spice. Tasting reveals a rustic wine (just like a good Chianti should be) with more savory sour black cherry, leather notes and a fairly prominent earthy undertone. The wine needs a couple hours to open up but when it does youll find a great example of a Chianti Classico at a fabulous price. Dry, grippy tannins lead into the medium-long finish.  This is an excellent deal, in fact we liked it almost as much as the Basilica Cafaggio we found at Costco that we dubbed ""The Best $10 Chianti Classico Weve Ever Tasted"".  Available exclusively at Trader Joes.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140514"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/il-tarocco-chianti-classico.html"" };     Other wines in the Trader Joes Top Picks 2014 Series: Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #1 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #2 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #3 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #4  Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #5  Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #6  Grifone Sangiovese - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #7  La Granja Tempranillo - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #8  Honey Moon Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #9  Epicuro Aglianico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #10  Sauvignon Republic Sauvignon Blanc - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #11  Rosa dellOlmo Barbera dAsti - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #12  Trader Joes Grand Reserve Napa Valley Meritage - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #13  See the picks from our 2013 series here!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
716,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Casablanca Valley, Chile.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The grapes were harvested at optimum ripeness and after extended skin contact, the wine was cold-fermented at low temperature in order to conserve and bring out its delicious, natural characteristics. The resulting wine is effusively floral and tropical with elements of maracuya, pineapple, peach and melon. It is refreshing, balanced and perfectly integrated, with an impressively long finish.  13.8% Alcohol""Today we begin a new series on the white wines of Chile, and specifically from the Chilean coast. As well see through this series, Chile offers a whole lot more than Cabernet and Carménère. (Although they certainly do that well.) 27% of Chiles wine production is white wines and it is pretty evenly split between Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc as the top 2. In fact there is a lot more acreage in both Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc than there is in Carménère, and those two white wines are only behind Cabernet Sauvignon in terms of total vineyard acreage.   The 2011 Vina Casablanc Nimbus Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of tropical fruit and citrus. Tasting the wine shows good acidity and excellent flavors such as peach and lots of lemon and lime with a bit of zest to it. There are also some good mineral notes all the way through. It ends with a dry, tangy, medium-long finish. Really just a great balance of everything.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120419"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Vina Casablanc Nimbus Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       Wines in the Chile Coastal Whites series: 2011 Vina Casablanca Nimbus Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild Sauvignon Blanc 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay  Also be sure to check out Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carménère!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
717,"   Six revealing wines show Bulgaria has a lot of value to offer.   The Vini ""Veni, Vidi, Vici"" Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Rosé, Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc from the Thracian Valley, Bulgaria.  Today we have six wines imported by Bulgarian Master Vintners, and while Bulgaria may not be the first country to come to mind when you think of wine, there are a lot of surprisingly good things happening these days in the old Eastern Bloc countries. (In fact well be checking out some of these things first hand in Slovenia in a few weeks.) Lets take a look at these six, which all sell for well under $10.   From the bottles: ""Since we havent seen you in Bulgaria lately, weve brought you some of the finest local flavors. Indulge in this ancient grape growing region. Historically a purveyor to Rome, its a focal point of todays pioneering winemakers.  All wines are 12.5% - 13.0% alcohol."" First up is the 2011 VINI Pinot Noir, which has an SRP of $9 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Pinot Noir begins with aromas of red cherry, a bit of a green component and a hint of chocolate. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals bright fruit (mostly red and black cherry) along with a bit of black tea that flows into the medium long finish which also features some smoky tobacco notes at the very end. Tasty and easy to drink.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Up next is the 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon which has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of red berry and red cherry. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth drinker featuring sweet fruit and soft tannins. Youll also find a little black pepper and black tea. It ends with sour fruit on the medium length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Third is the 2009 VINI Merlot. It has an SRP of $8 and is available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  The 2009 VINI Merlot begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry and a little bit of smoky spice. This medium to full-bodied wine is quite easy to drink and features dark fruit with a bit of sweet tart candy. It also has soft, and even a bit dusty, tannins. The fruit turns rather sour on the medium length, dry finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fourth is the 2011 VINI Rosé, a blend of 60% Pinot Noir and 40% Syrah. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.   The 2011 VINI Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry and tomato. The wine tastes zesty and fresh with very nice minerality. Its not sweet, but has plenty of good fruit and good length on the finish. A nice dry rosé at a fabulous price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2011 VINI Chardonnay. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $8. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of lemon zest, apple and pear. The wine tastes nice and crisp -- theres no overbearing oak or butter in this light, refreshing wine. Flavors of pineapple, a little zesty lemon and apple with some underlying minerality help make this wine a good match for seafood. It ends crisp and dry.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc. It has an SRP of $9 and is available for as low as $7. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 VINI Sauvignon Blanc begins with aromas of apple, lime and maybe a touch of cinnamon and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals really light flavors, good acidity and no grassiness or herbaceousness. This is a quaffer for a hot day and should appeal to mass market Pinot Grigio lovers. It ends crisp and clean with surprising length.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
718," Four Delicious Finger Lakes Rieslings For Under $15!    This years line-up.   This year I once again had the opportunity to taste a number of Rieslings from the Finger Lakes as part of the Finger Lakes Wine Alliance Riesling Hour. Riesling is huge in the Finger Lakes. As I noted in last years post there are over 1,000 acres of Riesling being grown in this area that result in over 100,000 of cases of Riesling annually from 200 different brands. But the thing that impressed me even more this year was the quality of the four wines I tasted, all priced at under $15!  With that, lets move right into the reviews! Up first is the 2011 Fulkerson Winery Semi-Dry Riesling with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10.  From the bottle: ""The noble grape that superbly in our shale soil shows off in another style. Our semi-dry has a flowery nose backed up by tropical fruit. The nice mouth feel expresses tastes of crisp apple and peach that will excite your taste buds. Enjoy with roast pork, ham, glazed ribs and chicken with cream sauces.  11.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Fulkerson Winery Semi-Dry Riesling begins with very pleasant aromas of apple, honey, peach and a little pineapple. The wine tastes sweet and light (delicate even) with lemon, apple and nectarine flavors. Quite good although the finish is a bit short.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next up was my favorite of the night, the 2011 Red Newt Cellars Semi-Dry Riesling with an SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12.     My Favorite! From the bottle: ""Riesling is the flagship wine grape variety of the Finger Lakes and truly shines when balanced with a touch of sweetness. Crisp and aromatic in the glass, Red Newt Semi-Dry is the ultimate expression of the Finger Lakes style. Bursting with layers of ripe pineapple, starfruit, kiwi, and mango, the palate is an expression of the perfect climate for Riesling. Subtle sweetness up front is delicately balanced for a clean, fresh finish, and is ideal for flavorful, spicy cuisine.  10.1% Alcohol""The 2011 Red Newt Cellars Semi-Dry Riesling begins with aromas of pear, honey and even some mineral notes. The wine has good balance and tastes excellent with lots of sweet pear and honey along with some spicy white pepper. It finishes clean with good length.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy Third is the 2011 Three Brothers Zero Degree Dry Riesling with an SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12.  From the bottle: ""Designed to showcase the versatility of the Finger Lakes Riesling grape, and the wines unique ability to be finished either dry or sweet. You decide...which degree do you prefer?  11.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Three Brothers Zero Degree Dry Riesling begins with a bit subdued aroma of apple and peach. It tastes great with a whole lot of fruit flavor covering up the wines dryness. Its actually quite nice to have a wine with so much fruit that is not overly sweet. The finish is medium-long and features more apple flavors.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Last up is the 2011 Wagner Vineyards Dry Riesling, with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $9.  From the winery: ""Wagner Vineyards is an estate bottled winery, currently farming over 200 acres of grapes, including more than 50 acres of Riesling. We ferment our Riesling at cool temperatures to preserve the delicate fruit character and bottle early, allowing it to gain complexity in the bottle. Our experience has shown that, given proper storage conditions, Riesling from Wagner Vineyards will continue to improve and develop for 5-7 years.  11.6% Alcohol""The 2011 Wagner Vineyards Dry Riesling begins with nice light aromas of tropical fruit and apple. The wine tastes lightly sweet with citrus, nectarine, pineapple and honey flavors but also has some good minerality. Those flavors turn a bit tart on the finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. All wines were samples received courtesy Finger Lakes Wine Alliance for review purposes.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
719,"   Find out if this is an unfortunate extension of an iconic brand or the real deal.   Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon from California; Chianti and Pinot Grigio from Italy.    All four wines have an SRP of $10 and are available for $9. Samples submitted for review. (Unfortunately the Cabernet Sauvignon was damaged in shipping so we werent able to review that one.)  When I first mentioned these new releases on the Reverse Wine Snob Facebook page a few weeks back, I received quite a mixed reaction (see below). Some were appalled at the ""soulless wine marketing"" while others were quite eager to give them a try. Much of the negativity came from people who assume a wine that is just a brand (without a vineyard) cant possibly be good. The fact of the matter is that this wine is made like so many in the 21st century wine world  -- by sourcing grapes or even finished wine from all the world. Heck, even many high end wineries dont grow their own grapes so Im not sure why this is a surprise to anyone. (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob. And in the case of todays wine, further scrutiny shows these concerns dont appear to have a leg to stand on. The back label of the Pinot Grigio and Chianti reveal that the wines are made by FN Wines in Prato, Italy. A little research shows that FN stands for Fratelli Nistri, a very old family owned winery in Tuscany that dates back to 1865. They appear to make wine for many including the Luna Nuda Pinot Grigio we previously recommended as well as sell wine under their own Fratelli Nistri, Prode Cavaliere and Campi Salti labels among others.  And really, lets be clear -- these wines are directed at new, and perhaps intimidated wine drinkers. As youll see in the reviews below, I found them to be very nice, drinkable representations of each variety. My opinion is that if these wines can get a white-wine-only drinker to try a red wine, or better yet a non-wine drinker to start exploring the wonderful world of wine, thats a great thing!   Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were for anything that takes the intimidation out of wine and helps to open it up to a larger market. Dont think theres a need for these wines? Take note that the Wine For Dummies book, which was first published in 1995, is on its 5th edition and has more than 1 million copies in print. (Not to mention the countless millions of books sold in the rest of the series.)   The great thing about these wines is that I can guarantee you a good chunk of the people who begin with Wine For Dummies will ""graduate"" onto many other wines they likely would have never considered if not for that first step. Just think back to the wines that began your own exploration -- Im guessing most of you dont drink those same wines very often today, if at all, but they still served a wonderful purpose didnt they?   Really my only criticism of the wines is that the information on the label is pretty sparse. For a brand that is setting out to educate consumers Id like to see a bit more info. Theres a QR code that takes you to a dedicated website, but currently there isnt any additional information. Im hopeful thats just a matter of timing in that these wines were just recently released and more info will be forthcoming soon. (I mean they have a whole book to pull info from, dont they?)  In any case, with all that out of the way lets get to the wine! First up is the 2012 Wines For Dummies Pinot Grigio from delle Venezie, Italy.   From the bottle: ""In Italy, food comes first, and the wine follows the food (we tend to follow both). This bright, golden-green Pinot Grigio has crowd-pleasing crisp apple and citrus flavors. Note: Unlike that second plate of pasta, this wine wont stain your shirt!  12.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Wines For Dummies Pinot Grigio begins with a pleasant aroma of apple and citrus. Tasting the wine reveals an easy drinking crowd pleaser and a nice example of the variety. I was prepared for a really watered down mess but this wine is actually pretty good with zesty and tangy flavors, although it could use a bit more acidity.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2011 Wines For Dummies Chianti from Tuscany, Italy.  From the bottle: ""Never been to Tuscany? Andiamo — lets go! Sit back and slurp spaghetti with our soft and succulent Chianti. This classic wine tastes of cherries and, just like us all, becomes more interesting as the meal proceeds. So, Salute (you deserve it)!  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Wines For Dummies Chianti is very aromatic with classic Chianti aromas of slightly sour cherry. The wine tastes quite nice and is true to form being a bit rustic like a good Chianti should be. Youll find more sour cherry flavors and a bit of spice that flows nicely into the medium-long finish. Very drinkable and my favorite of the bunch.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 Wines For Dummies Chardonnay from California.  From the bottle: ""Wines reflect their people, and this all-American wine is bright, outgoing, and versatile. Given that we love to dress down, we dont use an oak process, but you still get great taste. This wine is fresh fruit and sunshine in a bottle, ready for cocktail hour, dinner hour, or this hour. Whatre you waiting for?  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Wines For Dummies Chardonnay begins with aromas of lemon, melon and apple. The wine tastes nice and crisp with lots of fruit. This is not an oaky or buttery Chardonnay, although there is a bit of nice vanilla cream. It ends with some tasty zesty lemon on the finish. A very nice example of an unoaked Chardonnay.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  My verdict: These wines are the real deal. Bravo Wine For Dummies!   Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
720,"   Find out if this is an unfortunate extension of an iconic brand or the real deal.   Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon from California; Chianti and Pinot Grigio from Italy.    All four wines have an SRP of $10 and are available for $9. Samples submitted for review. (Unfortunately the Cabernet Sauvignon was damaged in shipping so we werent able to review that one.)  When I first mentioned these new releases on the Reverse Wine Snob Facebook page a few weeks back, I received quite a mixed reaction (see below). Some were appalled at the ""soulless wine marketing"" while others were quite eager to give them a try. Much of the negativity came from people who assume a wine that is just a brand (without a vineyard) cant possibly be good. The fact of the matter is that this wine is made like so many in the 21st century wine world  -- by sourcing grapes or even finished wine from all the world. Heck, even many high end wineries dont grow their own grapes so Im not sure why this is a surprise to anyone. (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob. And in the case of todays wine, further scrutiny shows these concerns dont appear to have a leg to stand on. The back label of the Pinot Grigio and Chianti reveal that the wines are made by FN Wines in Prato, Italy. A little research shows that FN stands for Fratelli Nistri, a very old family owned winery in Tuscany that dates back to 1865. They appear to make wine for many including the Luna Nuda Pinot Grigio we previously recommended as well as sell wine under their own Fratelli Nistri, Prode Cavaliere and Campi Salti labels among others.  And really, lets be clear -- these wines are directed at new, and perhaps intimidated wine drinkers. As youll see in the reviews below, I found them to be very nice, drinkable representations of each variety. My opinion is that if these wines can get a white-wine-only drinker to try a red wine, or better yet a non-wine drinker to start exploring the wonderful world of wine, thats a great thing!   Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were for anything that takes the intimidation out of wine and helps to open it up to a larger market. Dont think theres a need for these wines? Take note that the Wine For Dummies book, which was first published in 1995, is on its 5th edition and has more than 1 million copies in print. (Not to mention the countless millions of books sold in the rest of the series.)   The great thing about these wines is that I can guarantee you a good chunk of the people who begin with Wine For Dummies will ""graduate"" onto many other wines they likely would have never considered if not for that first step. Just think back to the wines that began your own exploration -- Im guessing most of you dont drink those same wines very often today, if at all, but they still served a wonderful purpose didnt they?   Really my only criticism of the wines is that the information on the label is pretty sparse. For a brand that is setting out to educate consumers Id like to see a bit more info. Theres a QR code that takes you to a dedicated website, but currently there isnt any additional information. Im hopeful thats just a matter of timing in that these wines were just recently released and more info will be forthcoming soon. (I mean they have a whole book to pull info from, dont they?)  In any case, with all that out of the way lets get to the wine! First up is the 2012 Wines For Dummies Pinot Grigio from delle Venezie, Italy.   From the bottle: ""In Italy, food comes first, and the wine follows the food (we tend to follow both). This bright, golden-green Pinot Grigio has crowd-pleasing crisp apple and citrus flavors. Note: Unlike that second plate of pasta, this wine wont stain your shirt!  12.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Wines For Dummies Pinot Grigio begins with a pleasant aroma of apple and citrus. Tasting the wine reveals an easy drinking crowd pleaser and a nice example of the variety. I was prepared for a really watered down mess but this wine is actually pretty good with zesty and tangy flavors, although it could use a bit more acidity.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2011 Wines For Dummies Chianti from Tuscany, Italy.  From the bottle: ""Never been to Tuscany? Andiamo — lets go! Sit back and slurp spaghetti with our soft and succulent Chianti. This classic wine tastes of cherries and, just like us all, becomes more interesting as the meal proceeds. So, Salute (you deserve it)!  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Wines For Dummies Chianti is very aromatic with classic Chianti aromas of slightly sour cherry. The wine tastes quite nice and is true to form being a bit rustic like a good Chianti should be. Youll find more sour cherry flavors and a bit of spice that flows nicely into the medium-long finish. Very drinkable and my favorite of the bunch.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 Wines For Dummies Chardonnay from California.  From the bottle: ""Wines reflect their people, and this all-American wine is bright, outgoing, and versatile. Given that we love to dress down, we dont use an oak process, but you still get great taste. This wine is fresh fruit and sunshine in a bottle, ready for cocktail hour, dinner hour, or this hour. Whatre you waiting for?  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Wines For Dummies Chardonnay begins with aromas of lemon, melon and apple. The wine tastes nice and crisp with lots of fruit. This is not an oaky or buttery Chardonnay, although there is a bit of nice vanilla cream. It ends with some tasty zesty lemon on the finish. A very nice example of an unoaked Chardonnay.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  My verdict: These wines are the real deal. Bravo Wine For Dummies!   Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
721,"   Good things certainly do come out of Galilee.   A blend of Sauvignon Blanc and Chardonnay from Galilee, Golan Heights, Israel.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Kosher.  From the bottle: ""Yarden Mount Hermon White was produced from a blend of white varieties grown in the Golan Heights. The cool climate, rocky volcanic soil and high altitude are ideal conditions for growing classic wine grape varieties.   Cold fermentation retains the natural fruit and floral qualities characteristic of these varieties. To preserve the quality of the wine, this bottle should be stored on its side in a cool, dark place. Best served at about 50F.   Kosher for Passover. This wine is not ""mevushal"".  13.9% Alcohol""While Israel may not immediately come to mind when thinking of renowned wine regions, historically its right up near the top of the list. And so its a shame we dont have more Israeli wine readily available here in the States.   Todays is the third that weve sampled from the Golan Heights Winery family, the other two being the excellent Yarden HeightsWine Gewurztraminer Ice Wine and also the Golan Cabernet Sauvignon Galilee. Lets find out how this white blend measures up!  The 2011 Yarden Mount Hermon Galilee White Wine begins with nice, but subdued aromas of citrus, tropical fruit and flowers. Tasting the wine reveals surprising depth of flavor with tropical fruit and tart citrus leading the way and zesty mineral notes running underneath. It ends with more tropical fruit and zesty notes that last for a good long time in the mouth. A surprisingly deep and very satisfying wine!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130722"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Yarden Mount Hermon Galilee White Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/yarden-mount-hermon-galilee-white-wine.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
722,"   Give Bonarda a chance.   100% Bonarda from Ugarteche, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $8 and widely for $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Mendozas second most planted varietal and a fun grape to discover. This wine has a very deep purple color with typical Bonarda aromas of raspberries and fruit jam. In the mouth it has sweet tannins with toasty barrel notes. Aged 8 months in oak.  13.8% Alcohol""Bonarda is the second most planted red grape in Argentina yet it is rarely seen here in the U.S. where the Argentina section of most wine stores is dominated by Malbec (with perhaps a little Torrontés thrown in for good measure). Dont get me wrong, I love Malbec as much as anyone, but I would gladly give up a little of that shelf space to Bonarda. Why? Because it tastes good!  Todays wine is the second weve sampled from Zolo, the other being a seriously good Malbec (of course). Lets see how this Bonarda measures up...  The 2011 Zolo Bonarda needs a little air to really open up. When it does it presents a really excellent aroma of bright red berries plus a little sweet spice and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals nice jammy fruit, a bit on the smoky side, with some mildly oaky spice and vanilla notes. Soft tannins help to make this wine easy to drink. The oaky spice notes continue into the medium-long finish. Tasty.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130530"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Zolo Bonarda"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/zolo-bonarda-2011-move-over-malbec.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
723,"   The 2012 Cave la Romaine Cotes du Ventoux Rosé Tradition and the 2012 Chateau de Clapier Rosé.  Pairing wine with Thanksgiving dinner and other holiday meals can be tricky stuff but today we have your secret weapon: Rosé.  First up, why Rosé? I asked Tom Natan, the importer behind the wines we are highlighting today:  ""Pairing Thanksgiving dinner foods with wine can be tough -- theres a lot going on there, turkey and gravy, sweet potatoes, all sorts of vegetables. You need something with a little acidity to cut through it and a little heft of fruit and earthiness. Rosés, made with red wine grapes, can do this all better than white wines, and they look pretty on the table, too!"" Your next question will of course be, which ones? Weve covered lots of delicious rosé here at the site and today we have two more tasty ones that even come with a special discount from the importer!  First up is the 2012 Cave la Romaine Cotes du Ventoux Rosé Tradition, a blend of 85% Grenache and 15% Cinsault from Cotes du Ventoux, Rhone, France. Normally priced at $10 and available for 10% off to Reverse Wine Snob readers for a limited time (see below). Sample submitted for review. Imported by first vine.  From the bottle: ""Serve at 46-50F. Drink now or hold up to 2 years. Serve with fish and seafood, salads, poultry, Thanksgiving foods.  13.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Cave la Romaine Cotes du Ventoux Rosé Tradition begins with pleasant aromas of citrus, bright and spicy mixed berry and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals a light and tasty wine with a nice viscous texture. Theres also a bit of almost spicy minerality flowing underneath that plays well with the fruit. It even has some pleasant soft tannins on the long finish. Quite nice!  Use code RWS2013 to get an extra 10% off the Cave la Romaine Cotes du Ventoux Rosé (and all other still wines) at first vine! (Discount is in addition to the normal volume discounts.) Expires January 1, 2014.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2012 Chateau de Clapier Rosé, a blend of 50% Cinsault, 35% Grenache, 10% Pinot Noir and 5% Syrah from Cotes du Luberon, Rhone, France. Normally priced at $13 and available for 10% off to Reverse Wine Snob readers for a limited time (see below). Sample submitted for review. Imported by first vine.  From the bottle: ""Serve at 46-50F. Drink now or hold up to 2 years. Serve with salads, seafood, spicy food, Thanksgiving dinner.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Chateau de Clapier Rosé begins with a fantastic aroma of strawberry, citrus, watermelon, a few floral notes and even a touch of sea salt. The wine tastes round and almost full in the mouth -- this one has a bit more substantial mouthfeel than your standard rosé and I like it. When tasting youll find similar flavors to the nose with nice acidity. It ends with surprising length. This is an easy to drink and delicious wine that has a very high quaffability factor. Highly recommended!  Use code RWS2013 to get an extra 10% off the Chateau de Clapier Rosé (and all other still wines) at first vine! (Discount is in addition to the normal volume discounts.) Expires January 1, 2014.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
724,"   A pair of refreshing wines to help you enjoy your summer to the fullest.   Perhaps its the long winter we just experienced or the relatively short summers here in Minnesota (or more likely both), but Ive found myself on a quest lately to enjoy as many wines as I can that I would classify as ""summertime sippers"".  A summertime sipper doesnt necessarily have to be a wine that I would only drink in summer, but it does have to be a wine that is refreshing -- one that I would be happy to drink on a hot and humid 90 degree day. Weve covered a number of these lately, beginning with the recent Summer 2013 Edition of the Top 10 White Wines Under $20 as well as our recent feature on Albarino - Made For Summertime Sipping on the Patio.    Today we have two excellent wines that fall into this category. Torrontés has long been one of our favorite white wines. The Malbec Rosé is a different story in that Ive hadnt had much luck with these in the past so I was eager to give another a try. The result? Lets find out!   First up is the 2012 Crios Rosé of Malbec, which is 100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. This wine has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. 18,000 cases were imported. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""A beautiful, deep, vibrant rosé color. Has a surprising amount of body for a rosé wine, and beautiful aromas of fresh, ripe wild strawberries. On the palate, the flavors of strawberries and young cherries come rushing in, accompanied by some spice notes and a clean, dry finish. This is the perfect chicken wine and a charming companion to mildly spicy Asian cuisine. Keep one in the fridge at all times and you’ll always have a delicious wine to enjoy with light snacks and cheeses. Best consumed in its youth.  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Crios Rosé of Malbec begins with a light berry aroma with a hint of sea salt. Its a bit subdued at first but then opens up with a little time in the glass. Tasting the wine reveals an excellent texture with dark berry flavors and a hint of spice that adds a nice dimension. The wine has good fruit but is not overly sweet. It ends dry with good length. Dont drink this one too cold as it becomes more multi-dimensional as it warms up a bit.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2012 Crios Torrontés which is 100% Torrontés also from Argentina. This wine has an SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. (Spotted for $11 at Costco.) 35,000 cases were imported. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Enticing aromas that are strikingly similar to Viognier, with hints of peach pit, white pear, flowers, and orange citrus fruit. On the palate, it has beautiful structure and acidity similar to Sauvignon Blanc along with enticing fruit flavors that keep you coming back for another sip and plenty of body for a wine that shows such delicate aromas and flavors. Fruity, floral and yet still quite dry, this wine has to be tasted to be believed.   13.9% Alcohol""The 2012 Crios Torrontés begins with wonderful and complex aromas of tangerine and lime along with hints of mint, sea salt, white pepper and flowers. The wine tastes excellent with a really pleasant texture. The fruit turns more tropical and zesty in the mouth and offers intense flavors with a nice bit of white pepper. This is a very easy to drink wine that would be great with seafood or even some grilled meats, believe it or not.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
725,"   A pair of refreshing wines to help you enjoy your summer to the fullest.   Perhaps its the long winter we just experienced or the relatively short summers here in Minnesota (or more likely both), but Ive found myself on a quest lately to enjoy as many wines as I can that I would classify as ""summertime sippers"".  A summertime sipper doesnt necessarily have to be a wine that I would only drink in summer, but it does have to be a wine that is refreshing -- one that I would be happy to drink on a hot and humid 90 degree day. Weve covered a number of these lately, beginning with the recent Summer 2013 Edition of the Top 10 White Wines Under $20 as well as our recent feature on Albarino - Made For Summertime Sipping on the Patio.    Today we have two excellent wines that fall into this category. Torrontés has long been one of our favorite white wines. The Malbec Rosé is a different story in that Ive hadnt had much luck with these in the past so I was eager to give another a try. The result? Lets find out!   First up is the 2012 Crios Rosé of Malbec, which is 100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. This wine has an SRP of $13 and is available for as low as $10. 18,000 cases were imported. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""A beautiful, deep, vibrant rosé color. Has a surprising amount of body for a rosé wine, and beautiful aromas of fresh, ripe wild strawberries. On the palate, the flavors of strawberries and young cherries come rushing in, accompanied by some spice notes and a clean, dry finish. This is the perfect chicken wine and a charming companion to mildly spicy Asian cuisine. Keep one in the fridge at all times and you’ll always have a delicious wine to enjoy with light snacks and cheeses. Best consumed in its youth.  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Crios Rosé of Malbec begins with a light berry aroma with a hint of sea salt. Its a bit subdued at first but then opens up with a little time in the glass. Tasting the wine reveals an excellent texture with dark berry flavors and a hint of spice that adds a nice dimension. The wine has good fruit but is not overly sweet. It ends dry with good length. Dont drink this one too cold as it becomes more multi-dimensional as it warms up a bit.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2012 Crios Torrontés which is 100% Torrontés also from Argentina. This wine has an SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. (Spotted for $11 at Costco.) 35,000 cases were imported. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Enticing aromas that are strikingly similar to Viognier, with hints of peach pit, white pear, flowers, and orange citrus fruit. On the palate, it has beautiful structure and acidity similar to Sauvignon Blanc along with enticing fruit flavors that keep you coming back for another sip and plenty of body for a wine that shows such delicate aromas and flavors. Fruity, floral and yet still quite dry, this wine has to be tasted to be believed.   13.9% Alcohol""The 2012 Crios Torrontés begins with wonderful and complex aromas of tangerine and lime along with hints of mint, sea salt, white pepper and flowers. The wine tastes excellent with a really pleasant texture. The fruit turns more tropical and zesty in the mouth and offers intense flavors with a nice bit of white pepper. This is a very easy to drink wine that would be great with seafood or even some grilled meats, believe it or not.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
726,"   The three De Martino Estate wines, plus the Legado (review here). All made from organic grapes.  Today we are reviewing a new line of wines from the second largest producer of organic wine in Chile -- De Martino. De Martino began the process to convert to organic farming of their grapes in 1998 and three years later had their first harvest. Helped by the unique climate and terroir of the Maipo Valley, which keeps their vines healthy and disease free, converting to organic farming was an easy choice. The new Estate Organic Collection is intended to showcase the best of these wines, and at an SRP of $14, this is something we can wholeheartedly support.  The collection includes Sauvignon Blanc, Carmenere and Cabernet Sauvignon single varietals from Maipo Valley, Chile. All are produced using organic grapes. Each wine has an SRP of $14 and should be available for around $10-$12. Samples submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The Estate Organic Range reflects De Martinos innovative spirit and commitment to producing sustainable wines of the highest quality from Chiles historic Maipo Valley. These wines originate from the familys organically farmed and certified vineyard in Isla de Maipo, an old alluvial terrace of the River Maipo and in ideal climatic conditions."" 2012 De Martino Estate Organic Sauvignon Blanc   From the bottle: ""This Sauvignon Blanc has a fresh, intense nose bursting with citrus aromas and a light herbaceous touch. The acidity is well balanced, making this an easy-to-drink and friendly wine.  13.5% Alcohol""The Sauvignon Blanc begins with pleasant aromas of grapefruit and melon. The grapefruit continues when tasting this nicely textured wine and lasts all the way into finish. The wine is definitely a bit grassy but thats held in check by lots of citrus zest and some nice minerality that comes out near the finish, plus good acidity. A grapefruit lovers delight!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  2011 De Martino Estate Organic Carmenere   From the bottle: ""This Carmenere presents aromas of spices which combine perfectly with notes of red fruit. It is very friendly on the palate and well balanced on the finish. A wonderful example of how Chilean Carmenere expresses itself.  13.5% Alcohol""The Carmenere begins with aromas of dark fruit, tobacco, a little spice and some green vegetal notes. This medium-bodied wine tastes of dark fruit and spice, just like the nose, along with a bit of black pepper. The green notes also continue and are even more pronounced in the mouth. It ends with tobacco and coffee notes on the long finish. I would have guessed this wine was aged in oak, but to my surprise it only saw stainless steel.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  2011 De Martino Estate Organic Cabernet Sauvignon   From the bottle: ""Intense ruby red in color, this wine is elegant and fruity -- an excellent exponent of Maipo Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. The nose is bursting with red and black fruit aromas, and the palate is balanced and smooth, and full of character.  13.5% Alcohol""The Cabernet Sauvignon is even greener on the nose than the Carmenere and even a bit medicinal but give this wine plenty of time to open up and it improves immensely. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth, soft texture just like the others. (Perhaps this is a signature of De Martino wines?) Theres also plenty of savory dark fruit flavors on this medium-bodied wine. It ends with nice juicy fruit that lasts a good while, with some tobacco notes underneath. Quite nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Also check out the review of the De Martino Legado Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon Malbec!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
727,"   Nothing says spring like a good rosé!   100% Grenache Noir from Vin de Pays dOc, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Boisset Family Estates.   From the bottle: ""The leader in creating varietal wines from the South of France, Fortant is today pioneering a new vision for South of France terroir inspired by the search for distinctive personality and geography within this most diverse wine region. This coastal terroir, under the favorable influence of the Mediterranean climate, provides a unique location for viticulture. The ambient humidity and gentle sea breezes caress the vines whose roots plunge into soil composed of limestone and alluvial deposits that date back to the Quaternary period. This rose petal pink-hued wine offers a vivacious nose with notes of redcurrant and thyme. Delicate on the palate, revealing lovely citrus and red berry flavors and boasting a long fresh finish.  12.5% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were big fans of rosé and we believe everyone should drink more of it. Of course we often hear the objections like -- ""its too sweet!"" (Todays dry rosé offerings are nothing like the White Zin blush wines you might remember from years ago.) Or ""Im a guy, I cant drink a pink wine!"" (An issue we tackled here: Do Real Men Drink Pink?)    However, instead of answering objections today we would like to give you the reasons you should drink rosé. And the best way we know to do that is to introduce you to some of our favorites. So in addition to todays wine, weve listed 10 more excellent selections below. Every one of these garnered either a Highly Recommended or"
728," Find all our Wine Club Reviews here.    Barolo for under $40? Nebbiolo dAlba for well under $20? Too good to be true?   Giordano Wines is one of Italys largest wineries, making wine from most of the regions in the country. All in all they produce over 2,000,000 cases per year. The company is unique in that they have used a direct to consumer model throughout Europe, selling directly to their customers and cutting out the middleman.  Giordano is now bringing that model to the U.S., where it is allowed -- dont get me started on the inane shipping laws and ridiculous three-tier system in our country, again cutting out the middleman and selling direct to the consumer which in theory means lower prices for you. This is something we can no doubt support here at The Reverse Wine Snob.   Currently Giordano Wines ships to FL, NJ, VA, TX, CA, IL, MN, NV, DC, ID, LA, MO, NE, NH, NV, OR, SC, TN, WI and WY and are actively adding more states. They also have a pretty compelling wine club offer called The Italian Wine Club if youre lucky enough to be in one of those states: 7 wines for just $39.90 plus shipping (plus an extra $5 off with code WP2014USA5 through 10/31/2014), including a bottle of the excellent Nebbiolo reviewed below (if you choose the all red collection), a free wooden wine box with many accessories and tasting notes and a binder. Of course this all sounds great but in reality it really hinges on the quality of the wine. Lets check out the three wines they sent me (of the 30 or so they offer) and see how they do!   First up is the 2012 Giordano Puglia Sangiovese ""Apuliae Collection"", a 100% Sangiovese from Apulia, Italy with an SRP of $9.49. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle:  ""This wine comes only from the Sangiovese grapes, which found in Puglia a favorable ground and climate to enhance their characteristics. The scrupulous process of wine-making at the Giordano cellars of Torricella led to this intense red wine, with strong notes of  violet and a dry, harmonious taste. Enjoy this wine throughout the meal and particularly with salami, first dishes and white meat. Serve at 18-20C.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Giordano Puglia Sangiovese ""Apuliae Collection"" begins with a nice aroma of red berry fruit and spice. Tasting this medium-bodied, pleasant, straightforward wine reveals simple, rich red berry fruit and soft tannins. It ends dry with the fruit lingering in the mouth for a good time. A nice Sangiovese for the price that would pair well with pasta. It also held up great on day two.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2010 Giordano Nebbiolo dAlba Maestri Italiani, a 100% Nebbiolo from Langhe, Italy with an SRP of $16.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""I carefully followed this wine, from the grapes to the wood ageing and bottling at last. Colour: soft, ruby red. Bouquet: intense and persistent reminding ripe fruit hints and vanilla notes. Taste: clear, well balanced, harmonious, of great character. Food matchings: preferably with tasty courses, game, red meat and ripe cheeses. Open 2 hours before drinking and serve at 20C. - Andrea Morra, Enologo.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Giordano Nebbiolo dAlba Maestri Italiani opens up into a nicely aromatic nose of black cherry and other ripe, dark fruit, dried herbs and spice with a little time in the glass. The wine tastes very nice, with sweet, concentrated fruit and lots of spice. The flavors include black cherry again, blackberry, cola and a little licorice that comes out on the finish, which also features firm dry tannins and good length.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy  Lastly, we have the wine geeks delight - Barolo. The 2007 Giordano Barolo is 100% Nebbiolo from Piedmont, Italy and has an SRP of $38.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Nebbiolo grapes grown on the Piemonte hills, in the Barolo wine district, give this distinctive Docg wine. According to tradition, it ages patiently in oak casks, for at least 36 months. Garnet red, complex, bouquet, medium bodied, elegant tannins, with a long bitter cherry finish. Serve at 18-20C with meat stews, roasted meat, game, matured cheese.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2007 Giordano Barolo begins with a very nice aroma of dark fruit and spice along with a little vanilla. The wine tastes of rich red and black fruit with loads of spice that lasts all the way to the finish. This is a very drinkable wine, that while perhaps not super complex (for Barolo), is really delicious. It ends with more spice and fruit on the finish that continues for a long time. Not bad for a sub $40 Barolo!  Saturday Splurge  I cant speak for the other 25+ wines they offer, but these three were all quite good! If youre a fan of Italian wine youll probably want to check out their Italian Wine Club offer: 7 wines for just $39.90 plus shipping (plus an extra $5 off with code WP2014USA5 through 10/31/2014), including a bottle of the excellent Nebbiolo reviewed above (if you choose the all red collection), a free wooden wine box with many accessories, tasting notes and a nice binder in which to keep those notes.  This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
729,"   A great wine to pair with a cheeseburger.   100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $14 and available widely for $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Sultry, spicy and bold. Malbec sweeps you off your feet in a passionate embrace. Surrender to the pleasure.  This Malbec entices with every sip. Made from grapes sourced from Argentinas renowned Mendoza region, our Malbec does the tango across your palate with dark, juicy cherry and blueberry flavors kissed by spice, culminating in a plush finish.  13.2% Alcohol""The 2012 Menage a Trois Malbec begins with pleasant aromas filled with ripe blackberry and black cherry fruit. Tasting reveals jammy fruit with similar flavors to the nose. This is a smooth and simple wine that would make a nice match with a cheeseburger or a great party drink. A bit of licorice leads into the medium-long and juicy finish that also features hints of vanilla. Malbec around $10 isnt the slam dunk it used to be, but this wine delivers quite a satisfying experience.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140709"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Menage a Trois Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/07/menage-trois-malbec.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
730,"   Simon says, ""Drink more Chenin Blanc!""   100% Chenin Blanc from Stellenbosch, South Africa.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $10. 28,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Quintessential Wines.  From the bottle: ""Named after the awe-inspiring views of the Simonsberg Mountain, Simonsig is a legendary landmark of the Cape Winelands. Since 1688 the Malan family have upheld a passionate commitment to innovation and excellence. Cooling breezes from the Atlantic and quintessential terroir flawlessly intertwine to create world class, award-winning wines.  Aromas of sunripened yellow apples and pears. Tactile, subtle, sweet dried apricots and honey are perfectly balanced by a subtle mineral finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Weve long been fans of Chenin Blanc here at The Reverse Wine Snob and often make the case for Chardonnay drinkers to make the switch (see ""Goodbye Chardonnay, Hello Chenin Blanc"" and ""A Natural Beauty"".) Were also big fans of the value that can be found in this variety in South Africa and today we have another great example.    The 2012 Simonsig Chenin Blanc begins with pleasant aromas of guava, pear, apple and apricot. Tasting the wine reveals more delicious fruit, similar to those found on the nose except that they all come with a tinge of honey on them in the mouth. Medium-bodied with good acidity, the wine also has a nice chalky texture that comes out on the long, smooth finish. Quite tasty!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131010"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Simonsig Chenin Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/simonsig-chenin-blanc.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
731,"   Invite a German to dinner the next time you grab that Chinese or Thai takeout.   100% Riesling from Mosel, Germany.   Available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Kobrand Corporation.  From the bottle: ""Do you have a taste for risk, a curious nature, and a daring spirit? Then join The Seeker on a global wine adventure! Embark on your own sensory safari with wines made by family wineries focused on their regional specialties - from New Zealand to Germany, France to Argentina, and beyond.  Discovered in the famed village of Trittenheim on the Middle Mosel in Germany.  Crisp and vibrantly fruity, featuring light citrus, apple and nectarine with a honeyed finish.  Enjoy with global cuisines of a sweet/spicy nature, or while concocting a cure-all.  Serve chilled, minimum 1 hour in the refrigerator.  9.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second weve reviewed from The Seeker brand of wines. The concept behind this brand is to seek out excellent and affordable wines from the places they grow best. The first wine we sampled was a very nice Pinot Noir from France. In addition to todays Riesling from Germany there also wines from Argentina (Malbec), New Zealand (Sauvignon Blanc), Chile (Cabernet Sauvignon and a red blend), Italy (Pinot Grigio), California (Chardonnay) and another from France (Rosé) that well be considering for future reviews.  The 2012 The Seeker Riesling begins with aromas of peach, pear, honey and apple. Tasting the wine reveals primary notes of juicy apple and a slate minerality along with touches of honey, melon, peach and other citrus fruits. Refreshingly, the alcohol checks in at only 9.5%. The wine actually gets better as it warms up a bit so despite what the label says about chilling it in the fridge (which is generally a good recommendation for Riesling) Id serve this one a bit warmer. Like a lot of Rieslings, this would be an excellent match for spicy Asian food. (Sometimes it doesnt have to grow together to go together!) It ends with good length, tart citrus and then some lingering honey soaked mineral notes. Pretty nice for only $10!  Want to know more about Riesling and why it makes wine aficionados go gaga? Check out the recently published Tasters Guide To Riesling from our friends over at WineFolly!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130806"",  ""title"" : ""2012 The Seeker Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/the-seeker-riesling.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
732,"   Another under-appreciated variety you definitely should be drinking this summer.   100% Torrontés from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $12 and widely available for $10. 40,000 cases produced. Imported by Excelsior Wine & Spirits. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Trivento takes its name from three winds: Polar, Zonda and Sudestada. The God of the Winds, EOLO, capriciously summons the winds that make Mendoza such a distinctive winegrowing region. A bright, steely-hued green whose floral essence issues aromas of roses and violets interlaced with citric notes. Trivento Reserve Torrontés delicate tropical fruits tread crisply on the palate before giving way to a fresh finish.  13% Alcohol""Its been awhile since weve featured a wine made from Torrontés here at The Reverse Wine Snob. Much like our Rosé feature last Monday and our Albarino feature shortly before that, Torrontés is an under-appreciated variety that is perfect for summer.  The 2012 Trivento Reserve Torrontés begins with a very aromatic nose of apple, pear, a little pineapple and mango plus lots of honeysuckle and other floral notes. Tasting reveals tons of pear, peach, tropical fruit and zesty citrus notes. Youll also find a nice lively mouthfeel and a bright, crisp acidity in this refreshing wine. It ends with lots of lingering tropical fruit.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140811"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Trivento Reserve Torrontés"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/08/trivento-reserve-torrontes.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
733,"   Find out if this is an unfortunate extension of an iconic brand or the real deal.   Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon from California; Chianti and Pinot Grigio from Italy.    All four wines have an SRP of $10 and are available for $9. Samples submitted for review. (Unfortunately the Cabernet Sauvignon was damaged in shipping so we werent able to review that one.)  When I first mentioned these new releases on the Reverse Wine Snob Facebook page a few weeks back, I received quite a mixed reaction (see below). Some were appalled at the ""soulless wine marketing"" while others were quite eager to give them a try. Much of the negativity came from people who assume a wine that is just a brand (without a vineyard) cant possibly be good. The fact of the matter is that this wine is made like so many in the 21st century wine world  -- by sourcing grapes or even finished wine from all the world. Heck, even many high end wineries dont grow their own grapes so Im not sure why this is a surprise to anyone. (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob. And in the case of todays wine, further scrutiny shows these concerns dont appear to have a leg to stand on. The back label of the Pinot Grigio and Chianti reveal that the wines are made by FN Wines in Prato, Italy. A little research shows that FN stands for Fratelli Nistri, a very old family owned winery in Tuscany that dates back to 1865. They appear to make wine for many including the Luna Nuda Pinot Grigio we previously recommended as well as sell wine under their own Fratelli Nistri, Prode Cavaliere and Campi Salti labels among others.  And really, lets be clear -- these wines are directed at new, and perhaps intimidated wine drinkers. As youll see in the reviews below, I found them to be very nice, drinkable representations of each variety. My opinion is that if these wines can get a white-wine-only drinker to try a red wine, or better yet a non-wine drinker to start exploring the wonderful world of wine, thats a great thing!   Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were for anything that takes the intimidation out of wine and helps to open it up to a larger market. Dont think theres a need for these wines? Take note that the Wine For Dummies book, which was first published in 1995, is on its 5th edition and has more than 1 million copies in print. (Not to mention the countless millions of books sold in the rest of the series.)   The great thing about these wines is that I can guarantee you a good chunk of the people who begin with Wine For Dummies will ""graduate"" onto many other wines they likely would have never considered if not for that first step. Just think back to the wines that began your own exploration -- Im guessing most of you dont drink those same wines very often today, if at all, but they still served a wonderful purpose didnt they?   Really my only criticism of the wines is that the information on the label is pretty sparse. For a brand that is setting out to educate consumers Id like to see a bit more info. Theres a QR code that takes you to a dedicated website, but currently there isnt any additional information. Im hopeful thats just a matter of timing in that these wines were just recently released and more info will be forthcoming soon. (I mean they have a whole book to pull info from, dont they?)  In any case, with all that out of the way lets get to the wine! First up is the 2012 Wines For Dummies Pinot Grigio from delle Venezie, Italy.   From the bottle: ""In Italy, food comes first, and the wine follows the food (we tend to follow both). This bright, golden-green Pinot Grigio has crowd-pleasing crisp apple and citrus flavors. Note: Unlike that second plate of pasta, this wine wont stain your shirt!  12.0% Alcohol""The 2012 Wines For Dummies Pinot Grigio begins with a pleasant aroma of apple and citrus. Tasting the wine reveals an easy drinking crowd pleaser and a nice example of the variety. I was prepared for a really watered down mess but this wine is actually pretty good with zesty and tangy flavors, although it could use a bit more acidity.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2011 Wines For Dummies Chianti from Tuscany, Italy.  From the bottle: ""Never been to Tuscany? Andiamo — lets go! Sit back and slurp spaghetti with our soft and succulent Chianti. This classic wine tastes of cherries and, just like us all, becomes more interesting as the meal proceeds. So, Salute (you deserve it)!  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Wines For Dummies Chianti is very aromatic with classic Chianti aromas of slightly sour cherry. The wine tastes quite nice and is true to form being a bit rustic like a good Chianti should be. Youll find more sour cherry flavors and a bit of spice that flows nicely into the medium-long finish. Very drinkable and my favorite of the bunch.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2011 Wines For Dummies Chardonnay from California.  From the bottle: ""Wines reflect their people, and this all-American wine is bright, outgoing, and versatile. Given that we love to dress down, we dont use an oak process, but you still get great taste. This wine is fresh fruit and sunshine in a bottle, ready for cocktail hour, dinner hour, or this hour. Whatre you waiting for?  13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Wines For Dummies Chardonnay begins with aromas of lemon, melon and apple. The wine tastes nice and crisp with lots of fruit. This is not an oaky or buttery Chardonnay, although there is a bit of nice vanilla cream. It ends with some tasty zesty lemon on the finish. A very nice example of an unoaked Chardonnay.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  My verdict: These wines are the real deal. Bravo Wine For Dummies!   Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob and reach 50,000 unique visitors a month!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
734,"   Thanks to a scratch and sniff back label.   100% Chenin Blanc from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Cape Wine Ventures. Available at Whole Foods or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""A riveting white wine bursting with punchy citrus fruit flavours of orange and tangerine, a tropical twist of melon and pineapple finishing with a surge of key lime freshness and juicy clementines. Best enjoyed well chilled with or without food. Enjoy it with sushi, Thai chicken wraps, Caesar salads or crumbed calamari.  13.5% Alcohol""Yes, you read that right...this wine actually has a scratch and sniff back label:   Is it really representative of the scent of the wine? Not especially as its too one dimensional but it does give you an idea of it and I certainly give them credit for being creative.  The 2013 Bellingham Citrus Grove Chenin Blanc begins with fresh, pleasant aromas of citrus, tangerine, melon and tropical fruit. Tasting shows lots of delicious juicy fruit just like the nose, with an added bit of spice. The wine also has a nice lively acidity and a smooth, easy to drink texture. On the finish the juicy fruit lingers for quite a long time and theres even a bit of a mineral streak. While the scratch the sniff label is a nice touch, for maximum enjoyment I recommend you drink the wine.   Available at Whole Foods or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140610"",  ""title"" : ""2013 Bellingham Citrus Grove Chenin Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/bellingham-citrus-grove-chenin-blanc.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
735,"   A whos who list of the best dry rosé under $12: the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé, the 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé, the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé, the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé, the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé and the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec.   If youve read The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time you know that one of our favorite things when temperatures get hot is popping open a wonderfully refreshing dry rosé. I also know that there are still many of you hesitant to give these wines a try, scarred from your experiences with White Zinfandel. If you suffer from PTWZD (Post Traumatic White Zinfandel Disorder) were here today with six of our favorite dry rosés under $12, each sealed with The Reverse Wine Snob guarantee of refreshment.  [THIS DEAL IS NOW EXPIRED! Subscribe to our daily email to make sure you dont miss the next one!] Better yet, our friends at Marketview Liquor are so committed to helping you recover from PTWZD that theyre not only offering some of the best prices on the internet on these wines, but also FREE SHIPPING on all orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight) for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob! So read on, enjoy and recover...   Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  First up is the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé from South Australia (Barossa, Wrattonbully and Adelaide Hills). It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Yalumba Y Series of Quality Wines Salutes Our Proud History of Viticulture and Winemaking in South Australia.  Significantly, the individual icons on each label reflect the labours, inventive thinking and aspirations of all at Yalumba.   This Sangiovese Rosé depicts the butterfly. The butterfly represents the lifecycle approach to our sustainable winemaking practices, leaving nothing to chance when protecting the essential elements of the environment. A summer drink of berries and cherries with a hint of cinnamon.  Vegan and vegetarian friendly.  12% Alcohol""The 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry, watermelon, a little apple and some floral notes. Drinking reveals a tasty and fresh wine full of citrus and apple plus more strawberry, raspberry and watermelon. The fruit flavors are a bit zesty with nice light touches of spice and a good mouthfeel. It ends with a very satisfying, dry, medium length finish. This one clocks in at just 2.8 grams/liter of residual sugar.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Second is the 2012 Las Rocas de San Alejandro Garnacha Rosé which is 100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain. It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $10 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Continental climate (dry summers and cold winters). Chalky-calcareous and rocky soil. Mountainous area with altitudes from 600 to 1000m. Vineyards between 40 to 60 years old bush trained with natural drainage and an average yield of 3500 kg/ha.  An attractive strawberry pink colour with violet hues. Clean, fresh, dry and fruity. Very intense aromas, especially raspberry and strawberry. With a full body, it is tightly knit, elegant, persistent and has an aftertaste that reminds us once again of the red fruits. ""The 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé begins with very pleasant aromas of raspberry, strawberry, watermelon, a little spice and some floral notes. The wine tastes wonderful with delicious fruit and luscious streaks of spice and minerals. And while theres plenty of fruit its definitely very dry clocking in at just 1.9 grams/liter of residual sugar. This medium to full bodied rosé also features a wonderful thick mouthfeel, excellent complexity and very good structure. It ends dry with long lasting luscious fruit notes. Like so many rosés, this makes a great food wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Third is the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé which is a blend of Grenache, Cinsault, Syrah, Mourvèdre and Cabernet Sauvignon from Provence, France. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Owned by the Quiot family from Chateauneuf-du-Pape, the 200 acre estate lies at the foot of Mont Sainte Victoire near Aix-en-Provence. Its winemaking facilities have been completely renewed over the past 3 years.  This is a blend of Grenache, Syrah, Cinsault, Cabernet Sauvignon, Mourvedre.  Special efforts are made to preserve freshness and fruit by the use of CO2 gas to exclude oxygen during the harvest. This is a fresh rosé with a pretty salmon pink color, elegant flavors of red berries, mineral notes and a clean finish. Serve this wine lightly chilled. Very nice on its own, it goes well with most dishes, especially sushi, salads, pizza and mild cheeses.  13% Alcohol""Rosé is one of the things Provence does best and the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé does not disappoint. It begins with a wonderfully enticing aroma of raspberry, citrus and a little tomato plant along with stony minerality and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals a really delicious wine featuring ripe red fruit (strawberry, red cherry), pear, apple, watermelon and a touch of tropical fruit along with light spice notes, more mineral touches and good acidity. It ends with lingering peach and pear notes on the crisp, long, dry finish. This is fantastic stuff!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  Fourth is the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé which is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Western Cape, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $8 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""DMZ wines are produced by DeMorgenzon winery which is situated in the upper reaches of the Stellenboschkloof in Stellenbosch, South Africa. Terraced hillside vineyards and exquisite gardens are complemented by beautiful vistas of rugged mountains and sweeping views of both the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. With over 350 years of winemaking heritage, South Africa continues to produce excellent wines that combine elegance and charm with opulence and accessibility.  All DMZ wines are made from select parcels of grapes from special vineyards and carefully vinified to express the purity and integrity of the particular cultivar.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé is the first of two wines we are featuring from South Africa. It begins with fresh and pleasant aromas of red cherry, strawberry, watermelon, a little peach and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit (citrus, more watermelon, strawberry and other red berry fruit) with good depth of flavor. This one is a tad sweeter than some of the others at 3.9 grams/liter of residual sugar but it still tastes dry thanks to the high acidity. A touch of spice and minerality leads into the long, dry finish where juicy fruit lingers.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé which is 100% Pinotage from Stellenbosch, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""KANONCOP: Means ""Cannon Hill"" and is derived from the days when cannons were fired to signal the arrival of Dutch trade ships into Cape Town Harbour.  STYLE: Full bodied DRY wine with an aromatic raspberry and cherry flavours.  VINTAGE: A wet cold winter with a moderate ripening period. Harvesting date: 4 February 2013.  ORIGIN: Grapes were sourced from the quality wine region of Stellenbosch, east of Cape Town.  FOOD SUGGESTION: Drink by itself or serve with light funky styled food dishes. Best with anything from the sea.  14% Alcohol""The 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé comes from the polarizing Pinotage grape, but its hard to believe anyone could dislike it in rosé form as it is here. The wine begins with very pleasant aromas of watermelon, strawberry, red cherry and few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit in this medium to full-bodied wine. Youll find lime, cranberry, red cherry, strawberry and orange along with some very nice zesty spice streaks. This extremely tasty wine comes in at 3.0 grams/liter of residual sugar. It ends very long with lingering touches of minerality.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Last is the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec which is 100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Crios means offspring in Argentine slang. For 10 years, this wine was crafted by my mother Susana Balbo in honor of my sister Ana and me. As of 2011 I have taken over the challenge of crafting wines with as much care and attention as my mother. Ive worked hard to preserve the style - they display fresh fruit flavors, with balance that can only be learned from her. These wines are meant to be enjoyed while young and vibrant.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec begins with enticing aromas of berry and a little bit of spice. Tasting this easy to drink wine reveals plenty of strawberry and red cherry fruit, more spice and very good acidity. It ends with good length, more lingering strawberry and hints of minerality. Quite a tasty wine that we have enjoyed in previous vintages as well.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.    This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.  Dont Miss Our Next Deal! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
736,"   A whos who list of the best dry rosé under $12: the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé, the 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé, the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé, the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé, the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé and the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec.   If youve read The Reverse Wine Snob for any length of time you know that one of our favorite things when temperatures get hot is popping open a wonderfully refreshing dry rosé. I also know that there are still many of you hesitant to give these wines a try, scarred from your experiences with White Zinfandel. If you suffer from PTWZD (Post Traumatic White Zinfandel Disorder) were here today with six of our favorite dry rosés under $12, each sealed with The Reverse Wine Snob guarantee of refreshment.  [THIS DEAL IS NOW EXPIRED! Subscribe to our daily email to make sure you dont miss the next one!] Better yet, our friends at Marketview Liquor are so committed to helping you recover from PTWZD that theyre not only offering some of the best prices on the internet on these wines, but also FREE SHIPPING on all orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight) for readers of The Reverse Wine Snob! So read on, enjoy and recover...   Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  First up is the 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé from South Australia (Barossa, Wrattonbully and Adelaide Hills). It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Yalumba Y Series of Quality Wines Salutes Our Proud History of Viticulture and Winemaking in South Australia.  Significantly, the individual icons on each label reflect the labours, inventive thinking and aspirations of all at Yalumba.   This Sangiovese Rosé depicts the butterfly. The butterfly represents the lifecycle approach to our sustainable winemaking practices, leaving nothing to chance when protecting the essential elements of the environment. A summer drink of berries and cherries with a hint of cinnamon.  Vegan and vegetarian friendly.  12% Alcohol""The 2013 Yalumba Y Series Sangiovese Rosé begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, raspberry, watermelon, a little apple and some floral notes. Drinking reveals a tasty and fresh wine full of citrus and apple plus more strawberry, raspberry and watermelon. The fruit flavors are a bit zesty with nice light touches of spice and a good mouthfeel. It ends with a very satisfying, dry, medium length finish. This one clocks in at just 2.8 grams/liter of residual sugar.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Second is the 2012 Las Rocas de San Alejandro Garnacha Rosé which is 100% Garnacha from Calatayud, Spain. It has an SRP of $13 and is available at Marketview Liquor for just $10 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Continental climate (dry summers and cold winters). Chalky-calcareous and rocky soil. Mountainous area with altitudes from 600 to 1000m. Vineyards between 40 to 60 years old bush trained with natural drainage and an average yield of 3500 kg/ha.  An attractive strawberry pink colour with violet hues. Clean, fresh, dry and fruity. Very intense aromas, especially raspberry and strawberry. With a full body, it is tightly knit, elegant, persistent and has an aftertaste that reminds us once again of the red fruits. ""The 2012 Las Rocas Garnacha Rosé begins with very pleasant aromas of raspberry, strawberry, watermelon, a little spice and some floral notes. The wine tastes wonderful with delicious fruit and luscious streaks of spice and minerals. And while theres plenty of fruit its definitely very dry clocking in at just 1.9 grams/liter of residual sugar. This medium to full bodied rosé also features a wonderful thick mouthfeel, excellent complexity and very good structure. It ends dry with long lasting luscious fruit notes. Like so many rosés, this makes a great food wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Third is the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé which is a blend of Grenache, Cinsault, Syrah, Mourvèdre and Cabernet Sauvignon from Provence, France. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Owned by the Quiot family from Chateauneuf-du-Pape, the 200 acre estate lies at the foot of Mont Sainte Victoire near Aix-en-Provence. Its winemaking facilities have been completely renewed over the past 3 years.  This is a blend of Grenache, Syrah, Cinsault, Cabernet Sauvignon, Mourvedre.  Special efforts are made to preserve freshness and fruit by the use of CO2 gas to exclude oxygen during the harvest. This is a fresh rosé with a pretty salmon pink color, elegant flavors of red berries, mineral notes and a clean finish. Serve this wine lightly chilled. Very nice on its own, it goes well with most dishes, especially sushi, salads, pizza and mild cheeses.  13% Alcohol""Rosé is one of the things Provence does best and the 2013 Domaine Houchart Cotes de Provence Rosé does not disappoint. It begins with a wonderfully enticing aroma of raspberry, citrus and a little tomato plant along with stony minerality and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals a really delicious wine featuring ripe red fruit (strawberry, red cherry), pear, apple, watermelon and a touch of tropical fruit along with light spice notes, more mineral touches and good acidity. It ends with lingering peach and pear notes on the crisp, long, dry finish. This is fantastic stuff!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.  Fourth is the 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé which is 100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Western Cape, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $8 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""DMZ wines are produced by DeMorgenzon winery which is situated in the upper reaches of the Stellenboschkloof in Stellenbosch, South Africa. Terraced hillside vineyards and exquisite gardens are complemented by beautiful vistas of rugged mountains and sweeping views of both the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. With over 350 years of winemaking heritage, South Africa continues to produce excellent wines that combine elegance and charm with opulence and accessibility.  All DMZ wines are made from select parcels of grapes from special vineyards and carefully vinified to express the purity and integrity of the particular cultivar.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 DeMorgenzon DMZ Cabernet Rosé is the first of two wines we are featuring from South Africa. It begins with fresh and pleasant aromas of red cherry, strawberry, watermelon, a little peach and a few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit (citrus, more watermelon, strawberry and other red berry fruit) with good depth of flavor. This one is a tad sweeter than some of the others at 3.9 grams/liter of residual sugar but it still tastes dry thanks to the high acidity. A touch of spice and minerality leads into the long, dry finish where juicy fruit lingers.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Fifth is the 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé which is 100% Pinotage from Stellenbosch, South Africa. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""KANONCOP: Means ""Cannon Hill"" and is derived from the days when cannons were fired to signal the arrival of Dutch trade ships into Cape Town Harbour.  STYLE: Full bodied DRY wine with an aromatic raspberry and cherry flavours.  VINTAGE: A wet cold winter with a moderate ripening period. Harvesting date: 4 February 2013.  ORIGIN: Grapes were sourced from the quality wine region of Stellenbosch, east of Cape Town.  FOOD SUGGESTION: Drink by itself or serve with light funky styled food dishes. Best with anything from the sea.  14% Alcohol""The 2013 Kanonkop Kadette Pinotage Rosé comes from the polarizing Pinotage grape, but its hard to believe anyone could dislike it in rosé form as it is here. The wine begins with very pleasant aromas of watermelon, strawberry, red cherry and few floral notes. Tasting reveals lots of juicy fruit in this medium to full-bodied wine. Youll find lime, cranberry, red cherry, strawberry and orange along with some very nice zesty spice streaks. This extremely tasty wine comes in at 3.0 grams/liter of residual sugar. It ends very long with lingering touches of minerality.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended  Last is the 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec which is 100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina. It is available at Marketview Liquor for just $11 with free shipping on orders of 6+ bottles (mix & match; expires 8/11/2014 at midnight). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Crios means offspring in Argentine slang. For 10 years, this wine was crafted by my mother Susana Balbo in honor of my sister Ana and me. As of 2011 I have taken over the challenge of crafting wines with as much care and attention as my mother. Ive worked hard to preserve the style - they display fresh fruit flavors, with balance that can only be learned from her. These wines are meant to be enjoyed while young and vibrant.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Crios Rosé of Malbec begins with enticing aromas of berry and a little bit of spice. Tasting this easy to drink wine reveals plenty of strawberry and red cherry fruit, more spice and very good acidity. It ends with good length, more lingering strawberry and hints of minerality. Quite a tasty wine that we have enjoyed in previous vintages as well.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Shop The Reverse Wine Snob Rosé Sale at Marketview Liquor! Free Shipping On 6 or More Bottles (Mix & Match). Expires Midnight 8/11.    This post sponsored by Marketview Liquor.  Dont Miss Our Next Deal! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
737,"   End Your Year In The Pink.  Muscat of Alexandria (aka Zibibbo) with a splash of Shiraz sparkling wine from South Australia.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Zibibbo is one of the traditional Moscato varieties and produces fresh lively wines with lifted fresh fruit and spice aromas in this pink sparkling wine. The effervescence provides a sparkle for the mouth and fills it with mouth watering strawberry like flavours and a sweet, luscious finish. Zibibbo is great on its own or with soft cheeses and seasonal fruit. Serve chilled.  Angove wines are sourced from premium vineyards across South Australia. Through a process of selective blending all of our wines emphasize the heritage, tradition, integrity, passion and vision that is Angove Family Winemakers.  8.0% Alcohol""Were almost complete with this years series on sparkling wine but before we wrap things up we have just a couple more selections for your New Years Eve celebration, beginning with todays sparkling Moscato. Much like the 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 the Zibibbo gets its color from a splash of red wine, in this case Shiraz. However, unlike the Lot 49 todays selection is all about being sweet.  The Angove Family Winemakers Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato begins with abundant aromas of sweet fruit, mainly strawberry and lemon/lime plus some pleasant floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals lots of syrupy sweet lemon/lime, strawberry and raspberry flavors along with light bubbles. Somehow the wine stays nicely crisp despite all the sweetness. It ends with good length and sweet red berry flavors that linger a long time. A great wine for all the Moscato lovers out there!   Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut - Holiday Sparklers 2012 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121226"",  ""title"" : ""Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/angove-zibibbo-sparkling-pink-moscato.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
738," Find all of our recommended sparkling wine here!     Dependable, tasty and widely available.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon 2012 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   100% Glera (Prosecco) from Treviso, Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $13 and widely available for $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Sparkling and sophisticated, this stylish Prosecco comes from the Veneto region of Italy. A wine with vibrant flavors of white peach, orange blossom and a kiss of almond. Enjoy chilled to brighten brunch, heighten a holiday, or whenever you are in the mood.  11% Alcohol""The Bolla Prosecco begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring light citrus notes, pear, green apple and honeysuckle. Tasting reveals similar flavors to the nose in this extra dry (not sweet) sparkler. Youll also find lots of fizz, a slightly creamy texture and good acidity. Quite good, this is a basic Prosecco that is easily found and very affordable and makes a great pick for a party. It ends dry, crisp and satisfying.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141231"",  ""title"" : ""Bolla Prosecco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/bolla-prosecco.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our emails to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
739,"   The ever popular Prosecco.   100% Prosecco (Glera) from Treviso, Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.   From the bottle: ""AROMA: White peach and orange blossoms.  TASTE: Fruit forward, with peach and almond flavors.  PAIRINGS: Lighter dishes and seafood; perfect as an apertif.  SERVE AT: 42 - 56 F.  A sparkling wine with an inviting mousse. Best enjoyed at refrigerated temperatures.  11.0% Alcohol""This is our second featured Prosecco from Treviso, Italy today. (Find the first here.) And while both of todays wines are made from the same grape and come from the same area, they both have a unique taste.  The Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut begins with a light, delicate aroma of peach, citrus and a little almond extract. Tasting the wine reveals a fruity wine featuring delicious flavors of peach and citrus just like the bouquet and an wonderful nutty character as well. It ends with good length and light nutty notes that last for a surprisingly long time. Another excellent Prosecco!  Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut - Holiday Sparklers 2012 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava  Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121219"",  ""title"" : ""Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/cantine-maschio-prosecco-brut.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
740,"   Bring the beach to your house this Holiday.  80% Chenin Blanc and 20% Gewürztraminer from Western Cape, South Africa.  SRP of $11 and available for $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Lose yourself in the carefree fun and fruity sparkle of the beachhouse. A beautiful uncomplicated bubbly that will lift your spirits and restore your soul with zesty citrus and fragrant floral flavours and aromas best enjoyed ice cold.  8.0% Alcohol""Today we have another Beach House wine from Douglas Green, a line of wines that we have have found to deliver tremendous value for the dollar. A quick recap of the other Beach House wines weve enjoyed to date: 2011 Douglas Green The Beach House Rosé - The Fruits of Summer  2010 Douglas Green The Beach House White - Pairs Well With Summer  2010 Douglas Green The Beach House Red - A Savory and Spicy Summer Sipper  2011 Douglas Green The Beach House Pinot Grigio - A Classic Pinot Grigio   So it was with excitement that we broke open this bubbly for our Holiday Sparklers 2012 series! I was also intrigued by the blend of 80% Chenin Blanc, a variety weve been touting to all the Chardonnay lovers out there, and 20% Gewürztraminer. Lets see how it measures up...  The Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine begins with a nice but subdued bouquet of citrus and floral (honeysuckle) notes that gains more expression after a few minutes in the glass. Tasting the wine reveals sweet and fruity bubbles featuring lots of lemon/lime, honey, pear and apple with zesty highlights. This wine is sure to be a crowd pleaser and I found it to be a great match for my home made Chex Mix. An added bonus is that at only 8% alcohol you can enjoy a glass with your salty snacks and still freely partake of more wine with dinner. Cheers!  Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava  Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler  Also check out the 12 recommended sparkling wines from last years series!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121122"",  ""title"" : ""Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/douglas-green-beach-house-sparkling-wine.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
741,"   It even looks like Christmas.   100% Prosecco (Glera) from Treviso, Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $10. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Vibrant, refreshing Italian sparkling wine with flavors of peach, green apples, honeysuckle and a touch of citrus in each sip. Enza is made from premium grapes grown in the heart of Italys Prosecco region.  11.0% Alcohol""This is the first of two Prosecco sparkling wines from Treviso, Italy that we will be featuring today. As weve mentioned before, Prosecco is a great and very affordable choice for sparkling wine. Either of todays options would make a great addition to your holiday table.  The Enza Prosecco begins with a very pleasant aroma of apple, pear, honeysuckle and peach. Those same flavors continue when tasting this crisp, refreshing wine that strikes the perfect balance of sweetness. Add in very nice acidity and just the right amount of bubbles and you have a winner. It finishes crisp and fresh inviting you to take another sip.  Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut - Holiday Sparklers 2012 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava  Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler  Also check out the 12 recommended sparkling wines from last years series!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121219"",  ""title"" : ""Enza Prosecco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/enza-prosecco-festive-holiday-sparkler.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
742,"  40% Parellada, 35% Macabeo and 25% Xarel-lo from Spain.  SRP of $12 and available widely for $10. Sample received courtesy Janet Kafka and Associates for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Freixenet is crisp, dry, captivatingly smooth and hard to pronounce. Made in the traditional method, this sparkling wine with citrus aromas and apple flavors is bright and ready to enjoy. Give the pronunciation (Fresh-Eh-Net) and the wine a try!  12.0% Alcohol""The Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut starts with fresh aromas of apple and pear. That freshness and fruit carries over when tasting this crisp wine and there are also some added citrus flavors. The wine ends with a little citrus zest on the finish. You really cant go wrong with this nice basic bubbly.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111209"",  ""title"" : ""Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
743,"  100% Grillo from Sicily, Italy and 100% Sangiovese from Tuscany, Italy. Organic and vegan.  Both have an SRP of $15 and are available for around $12 for a 1 Liter Tetra Pak. Samples received courtesy Monte Bernardi for review purposes.  Todays wines are a new introduction from Monte Bernardi, and they are a bit of a rarity as they are Italian wines packaged in a Tetra Pak. Why a Tetra Pak you may ask? Two reasons. First, these wines are intended to be consumed young which makes a bottle unnecessary. Second, and more importantly, one shipping pallet of Tetra Paks equals 38 pallets of glass bottles! Aside from the obvious environmental impact, this lowers prices. The cheaper the shipping cost the lower your price, something we definitely appreciate here at The Reverse Wine Snob! Of course, this is all for naught if the wine isnt any good, so lets see how each of these wines rate. Up first, the Sangiovese.  From the Tetra Pak: ""This wine expresses the classic qualities of Italian Sangiovese - intense ruby red with hints of purple; aromas of cherry and red plums, and spice; on the palate its fresh and fruity, medium-bodied and well balanced, with a juicy acidity and a long finish.  As a winemaker I was drawn to Italy out of a love for Sangiovese, Tuscany and the distinctiveness of Italian wines. Enjoy this delicious ready to drink Sangiovese, in an environmentally conscious package, from vineyards farmed organically by passionate growers!  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Fuori Strada Off Road Sangiovese by Monte Bernardi begins with a fabulous bouquet of red cherry, plum and other ripe red fruit along with some nice spice and succulent smoked meat. The wine tastes...really good. This medium-bodied wine features nice fresh juicy fruit, good spice and some smoked meat notes that continue from the bouquet. The finish is dry, fruity, spicy and delicious with some lingering smoky notes. Underlining the fact that this wine is meant to be drunk young, it did not hold up very well on day 2, but thats about the only thing even slightly negative I can say about it. This is a really easy to drink and delicious wine that would be fabulous for pizza night.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Next up, the Grillo! From the Tetra Pak: ""Grillo is thought to have been used in one of Julius Caesars favorite wines. Et tu, Brutus? This wine expresses the classic qualities of Italian Grillo - crisp, bright and pale lemon in color; aromas of citrus zest, with a hint of wild flowers; on the palate its generous, well-balanced - with a fresh acidity and a touch of minerality.  13.0% Alcohol""Grillo is a grape you dont hear much about, but it is grown throughout Sicily. The 2011 Fuori Strada Off Road Grillo by Monte Bernardi begins with aromas of zesty citrus and a little melon along with some floral notes. The wine tastes, crisp, simple and good with fresh fruit flavors plus some nice minerality and good acidity. It ends with flavorful fruit on the medium length finish. Thanks to its easy drinking character and food flexibility, this one is sure to be a crowd-pleaser.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
744,"   A crisp and tasty sparkling wine from Spain.   60% Xarel-lo, 30% Macabeo and 10% Parellada sparkling wine from Penedes, Catalonia, Spain.  Available for $10 at Whole Foods Market. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Lively effervescence with bright notes of green apple and pear, this sparkler is ripe and round with a touch of sweetness in the well-balanced finish.  11.5% Alcohol""The Freixenet Roger dAnoia Cava Brut begins with pleasant aromas of green apple, a bit of yeast and a few floral notes. The wine tastes crisp and light with lots of bubbles and is filled with flavors of green apple, pear and a nice level of sweetness. Add in good acidity and youve got a great pairing for your New Years Eve party. At only $10 my advice is to stock up!  Buy this wine at Whole Foods Market or see a listing of other local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131230"",  ""title"" : ""Roger dAnoia Cava Brut"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/roger-danoia-cava-brut.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
745,"  100% Prosecco sparkling wine from Valdobbiadene, Italy.  SRP of $12 and available for around $10. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""Valdos Philosophy: ""Prosecco"" is the distinguishing factor on the regional level - refined aromas, balance and overall quality are the key features Valdo focuses on to produce unique and unrivaled products.  Straw yellow color, joined with a fine perlage and a fruity taste are the distinguishing features of Valdos Brut Prosecco DOC. Well-balanced structure, matched with its flavorful and aromatic fruity fragrance make it the perfect pairing with starters and particularly with delicately flavoured dishes and especially seafood. Excellent as an apertif due to its distinctive characteristic of being ""easy to drink"", best served in a flute glass at a temperature of between 6-8°C to bring its perfumes and flavours. Versatility and freshness are its strengths.  12.0% Alcohol""This is the second wine in our Holiday Sparklers series and today we travel to Italy to taste one of that areas famed grapes, Prosecco. The Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC begins with fruity aromas of granny smith apples and pear along with a bit of baking spice. Those same flavors come through when tasting this easy to drink wine and carry all the way through to the finish. This one also has good acidity and a real nice crispness to it. Quite a nice wine for only $10.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111119"",  ""title"" : ""Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva  Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
746,"  100% Shiraz from McLaren Vale, Australia. SRP $20 and available at that price.  Sample received courtesy Marquee Selections for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""You should know, this wine was made especially for you...someone who enjoys premium wines from unique regions, appreciates an artistic label, and actually reads whats written on the back. Thats why weve introduced our Signature Series - to showcase sophisticated, artisan wines that are off the beaten path (but not one bit pretentious). By featuring vivid, original imagery from ""down under"" on our labels weve shown that life, like wine, isnt all about chateaux and castles.  The deep red raspberry base is spiced up with cloves and black currant before finishing with velvety plums and soft tannins.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2007 Marquee McLaren Vale Signature Shiraz begins with aromas of dark fruit, cedar, black licorice and a whole bunch of spice. The wine is medium-full bodied with an almost chewy texture. The taste is quite nice with blackberry, licorice, and spice flavors. On the finish the spice kicks in along with an underlying earthiness and some berry flavors. This wine is more about the spice than the fruit and is very good. A meaty wine that would be great with grilled meat.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111010"",  ""title"" : ""Marquee Signature Shiraz McLaren Vale 2007"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
747,"   Dont think ""cigar box"" sounds appealing? Give this wine a try.   100% Tinto Fino (Tempranillo) from Ribera Del Duero, Spain.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $19.99.  From the bottle: ""Bright, dark purple colour. Fruit aromas with balsamic spices and hints of cumin, clove and nutmeg. Excellent structure. Tasty and fresh on the palate, it leaves a long finish. Much more than normal Crianza wines.  Best served between 17C and 19C. Ideal with beef, cured meats and semi cured cheeses.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from one of our favorite spots in Spain for big red wines, Ribera Del Duero. And while it pushes our price limit at $19.99 its well worth the cost and actually represents good value for this area.  The 2007 Valduero Crianza Tempranillo begins with complex aroma of dark fruit, licorice, savory herbs and cigar box, which is not a term I use often (more like never) but it certainly fits this wine. Tasting this smooth and savory wine reveals more dark fruit, lovely spice, a little vanilla and a hint of cinnamon, just be sure to give it a couple of hours to open up. It ends dry with good length and more savory fruit.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130921"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Valduero Crianza Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/valduero-crianza-tempranillo.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
748,"   Overshadowed by tequila no more?  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Guadalupe Valley, Baja California Mexico.  SRP of $39 but available for as low as $20. Sample received courtesy Wines From Baja for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""This wine is made from Grulla Valley grapes, located very near San Vicente Valley. The vineyards are actually situated in clay soils.  Rich in color, you will notice plums and green pepper on the nose and showcasing dark plum and cherry flavor. The oak aging adds character and firm tannins.  It goes well with red meat, beef, duck, lamb, roast chicken, wild game; pastas, pepper, mushrooms, squash, or earthy sauces, meat stocks, mustard.  14% Alcohol""When you think of alcoholic beverages from Mexico, wine is probably pretty far down the list...quite a ways after tequila and beer. You may not realize (as I did not) that there is actually quite a history of winemaking in the Baja California region. As is the case in many areas of the world, winemaking was spread throughout Mexico by Spanish missionaries beginning in the 1500s. Despite this lengthy history it really wasnt until the 1950s that winemaking began to flourish in Baja California. Even today, production remains relatively low but it is claimed that the quality can be pretty good. Based on the one wine I have to sample, I would tend to agree.  The 2007 XikBal Baja Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very aromatic and enticing bouquet that really draws you in. Plums, black cherry, roses, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla are a few of the complex aromas. This medium-bodied wine has good flavor that is definitely not overdone -- its actually a bit subtle which is rather refreshing. Interestingly, the floral notes from the bouquet carryover when tasting. Some soft tannins lead into a dry finish. Quite good and no worm!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120508"",  ""title"" : ""2007 XikBal Baja Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
749,"   A majestic mountain blend.   82.7% Cabernet Sauvignon, 3.5% Cabernet Franc, 5.5% Merlot, 2.5% Malbec and 5.8% Petit Verdot from Napa Valley, California (65% Atlas Peak, 11% Howell Mountain, 22% Napa Valley and 2% Spring Mountain District).  SRP of $38 and available for as low as $19.99. 8,523 cases produced.   From the bottle: ""Adversity builds character. Vines on steep slopes have to struggle in thin soil to store nutrients, seek out water and survive. Those that do reward us by producing grapes with deep flavor concentration due to the relative grape size to juice ratio. Our Atlas Peak Cabernet Sauvignon is a perfect example of this. Drawing from several vineyards in Napa Valley, this wine has boysenberry, mocha, currant and black plum flavors. A touch of cigar box with vanilla on the nose from oak aging complements the long finish.  14.9% Alcohol""Napa Valley Cabernet is a tough nut to crack under $20, but todays wine comes in just under our limit and compares very favorably to a couple of recent Napa Valley Cabs that we reviewed as Saturday Splurges, the Robert Mondavi Oakville Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon and the Mount Veeder Winery Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. In other words, you need to check this one out.    The 2008 Atlas Peak Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with really powerful and enticing aroma full of succulent dark fruit (black cherry, blackberry and plum) that is tinged with beautiful vanilla and oak. Tasting the wine reveals more of the same and thats a really good thing. Rich and juicy dark fruit, sweet oak, good acidity and slightly chewy tannins round out this nicely balanced Cabernet. It ends dry with good length and features a little tobacco and chocolate under the rich fruit. 18 months in 100% French oak (50% new) was put to fabulous use in this wine with the oak never overpowering but instead adding depth and complexity. This would make a fabulous cheeseburger wine.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140121"",  ""title"" : ""Atlas Peak Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/atlas-peak-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
750,"   A great example of a killer deal on a killer wine.   100% Nebbiolo from Piedmont, Italy.  SRP of $45 and purchased for $19.99. Imported by Vin Divino. 2,917 cases produced.   From the winery: ""It is rich and harmonious, considered one of the princes of Italian wines.   Refinement: 1 year in Slavonian oak barrels and 1 year in the bottle.  Bouquet: Characterised by notes of morello cherry, it opens out into a crescendo of ribes, cocoa and violet, accompanied by goudron.  Flavour: In the mouth it confirms a great structure with a full and intense aftertaste, elegant tannins and a warm alcoholic note.  Ageing: Extraordinary, it can reach even up to 10 years.  14% Alcohol""If youve spent much time reading the The Reverse Wine Snob youve probably taken a look at our unique rating system, which factors in the cost of the wine. Basically, the more expensive a wine (or the more you pay for it) the better it has to be to get a recommended rating. Seems like common sense, right? Unfortunately its not the case with most wine ratings.  And while we focus a lot on wines that can be easily found for under $20, there are also those wines that normally cost much more that you are able to find a screaming deal on. Todays wine, as well as our recent reviews of bottles from NakedWines.com (see all our recommendations from NakedWines here) and the Sponsored Reviews weve been featuring (where we partner with a retailer to offer a special deal to our readers) are all examples. Identifying tasty wine is one thing, but then also finding the best deal to buy it completes the equation and its what we are striving to do.  The 2008 Bersano Mantico Barbaresco begins with a lovely perfumed aroma of black and red cherry, licorice and dried herbal notes. This is not a big wine in any sense of the term but its well balanced and very drinkable with a wonderful subtle complexity that you cant help but love even at only a penny under our limit. The best part is the very long, dry finish which begins with a burst of spice and continues with savory herbal notes that linger almost indefinitely. If youre a fan of balance in your wine then this is definitely one youll appreciate.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140612"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Bersano Mantico Barbaresco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/bersano-mantico-barbaresco.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
751," [Check out the review of the current vintage here: Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.]    69% Cabernet Sauvignon, 23% Merlot, 6% Petit Verdot and 2% Malbec from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $50 but available for as low as $25. Normally this would be a Saturday Splurge but we actually spotted it for $19.99. Sample received courtesy Franciscan Estate for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""To create Magnificat, we begin with our finest lots from our Estate and other select vineyards then craft a blend as seamless and harmonious as the Bach masterpiece it honors in name. This 2008 blend, our 24th vintage of Magnificat, was aged for 20 months in oak and shows layered aromas of cassis and plum, with alluring ripe black fruit flavors and hints of vanilla and spice.  14.5% Alcohol""Were a big fan of Meritage here at The Reverse Wine Snob. If you remember, Meritage is the name given to Bordeaux style blends from the U.S. (mostly California). Unfortunately the price tag of these wines usually pushes them out of our consideration, especially when they are from Napa Valley. One look at the $50 SRP of todays wine and we would usually dismiss it, but as it turns out it is possible to get this for about half that price.  The 2008 Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Magnificat Meritage begins with really delightful aromas of blackberry, plum, cedar, vanilla, caramel, spice and chocolate. Wow. Tasting this bold wine reveals a great smooth mouthfeel along with a velvety texture. This is quite simply really delicious stuff, but do be sure to give it some time to breathe. It features succulent flavors of black cherry, black pepper, licorice and vanilla. The finish is quite dry, has good length and leaves you with some lingering chocolate notes. Marvelous!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120807"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Magnificat Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
752,"  94% Cabernet Sauvignon and 6% Petit Verdot from Alexander Valley, California.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $19.99. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""As rich in flavor as in history, this wine is a tribute to three generations of family winemaking experience.  Louis M. Martini built his winery in the Napa Valley in 1933. His passion was Cabernet Sauvignon. Martini planted and acquired top Cabernet Sauvignon vineyards throughout Napa and Sonoma counties to pursue his passion. Today, winemaker Michael Martini continues his grandfathers tradition of crafting rich, complex and beautifully structured wines.  The grapes for this wine were selected from the Alexander Valley, one of the most prestigious growing regions for Cabernet Sauvignon. This wine exhibits aromas of ripe plum, with undertones of anise and leather. Distinct flavors of berry and rich black cherry unfold around firm tannins.  14.8% Alcohol""Another Cabernet Sauvignon from California? This time with an SRP of $35? Could this wine really stand out from the large crowd of California Cabs from just every possible region of the state? As you can see I was skeptical. It helped that this wine can be found for just under $20 with a little work, but still, were talking about a taste rating of 9/10 in order to secure a Recommended Buy thanks to the $19.99 price tag. To be honest I didnt think I would be writing this review, but I am, and that means this is one darn good wine. No nose thumbing today.  The 2008 Louis M. Martini Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with succulent aromas of ripe plum, blackberry, licorice and a hint of tobacco. The wine tastes rich and smooth with a velvety texture and features lots of spice and dark fruit. It also has a good dollop of chewy oak but it works thanks to the abundance of fruit. Really nice tannins follow into the dry finish which has good length and some really light lingering tobacco notes. While excellent on its own, this wine is crying out for a steak. One of my wifes favorite wines recently.  Well also be tasting a couple other Cabernet Sauvignon (Napa Valley and Sonoma County) from Louis Martini in the coming weeks so stay tuned to see if they will get our recommendation too!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120306"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Louis M. Martini Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
753,"  100% Pinot Noir from Central Coast, California.   SRP of $20 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Hand-sorted Pinot Noir clusters were fermented in open tanks, with extraction by frequent punchdown. The wine matured in French oak for fifteen months and is deeply-colored with scents of black cherry, ripe plum, licorice and vanillin.  13.9% Alcohol""And so weve come to the last wine in our series on Pinot Noir under $20. Todays wine comes from winemaker William Knuttels new line of wines ""Robin K."" named after his wife. This new line also includes a Chardonnay and Pinot Grigio which we will be reviewing in the future, but today is all about the Pinot Noir and this is a good one. In fact, on taste alone this may be my favorite of the whole series. The $20 price tag brings the overall rating down a bit but Im guessing as this new wine gains distribution youll be able to find it for a few dollars less than the $20 SRP.   The 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir begins with wonderful aromas of plum, spice, licorice, lots of vanilla and a little violet. The wine tastes of smooth dark fruit and a little spice. It also has a great mouthfeel with a bit of liveliness to it. The finish features soft oaky tannins plus intense and juicy dark fruit that lasts for awhile. Excellent and perhaps even better on Day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120112"",  ""title"" : ""Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir "
754,"   Smooth, rustic, dry and delicious.   80% Sangiovese, 15% Merlot and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon from Tuscany, Italy.  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Tenuta di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva 2008 (with an SRP of $30) for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!  From the bottle: ""Tenuta di Arceno is a historical winery situated near the medieval village of San Gusme where one can still see the footprints of the Etruscans. Our Chianti Classico Riserva is produced with the highest quality grapes, harvested by hand with the maximum care. This wine expresses the essence of this rich and passionate land.  14.3% Alcohol""The 2008 Tenuta di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva begins with an excellent aroma of ripe black cherry, violets, lavender, a little cedar and hints of mint and other dried herbs. The wine needs at least an hour to decant before serving but after that it is smooth, rustic, dry and delicious. Sour black cherry along with hints of spice, dried herbs, earth and vanilla combine seamlessly in this medium-bodied wine which also features good acidity. It ends with a dry, very long, lip-puckering finish of sour berry fruit and a little tobacco.   Get the Tenuta di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141125"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Tenuta di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/tenuta-di-arceno-chianti-classico-riserva.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Tenuta di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
755,"   Organic Garnacha Goodness!   100% Garnacha from Priorat, Catalonia, Spain. Made from organic grapes.  This is a newly imported wine by ABS-One Shot in Houston, TX. According to the exporter it will have an SRP of $20. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Opaque purple/black with bluish tones. Floral violets with touches of black fruits, dark cherries, wild blue berries. Graphite, pencil head, hints of smoke. Damp earth, liquid minerality. Velvety polished tannins envelope a well structured wine. Dense, always expanding, long, with great depth and wide fruit range. This wine will improve for the next years.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine, while hard to find as distribution is just beginning to ramp up, is definitely worth the search. Its easy to assume that only the best wines are distributed in the U.S. as it would seem logical that importers would seek all those out first. (And they do try.) However, like many things in the wine world, logic doesnt necessarily apply and the fact of the matter is that there is a TON of really excellent wine that has no distribution in this country. Thats also why its refreshing to see a wine like todays excellent Garnacha from Casa Rojo start to gain some traction here. Lets hope that continues!  The 2009 Casa Rojo Fauno Garnacha begins with a wonderful aroma featuring tons of dark fruit, a hint of cinnamon spice and wisps of cedar and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals very ripe and super rich fruit along with soft, dry, grippy tannins. This is a big, fruit forward wine but it also offers some nice complexity, especially on the dry, very long finish where pleasing mineral notes hang out underneath all the lingering fruit. This is exactly the type of big, jammy Garnacha that could do very well in this country if the price is right. And dont be deterred by the limited distribution currently - ask your favorite retailer to seek it out!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130711"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Casa Rojo Fauno Garnacha"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/casa-rojo-fauno-garnacha.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
756,"   Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.   62% Cabernet Sauvignon, 28% Merlot and 10% Petit Verdot from Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $20 at Costco.   From the bottle: ""As one of the founders of the Meritage Alliance in 1988, Estancia remains devoted to making world class Bordeaux style blends from our California estate vineyards. Our 2009 Meritage expresses the true terroir of our Keyes Canyon Vineyard in Paso Robles. Sweet cherry and chocolate aromas from Cabernet Sauvignon, soft and lush fruit from Merlot and firm, structured tannins from Petit Verdot harmoniously come together to create a classic blend.  14.1% Alcohol""Were nearing the end of our series on Meritage so today we turn to one of the original members of the Meritage Alliance, Estancia Estates. Their Meritage blend remains one of the most popular based on the number of searches on Wine-Searcher:    Click to enlarge  The 2009 Estancia Reserve Meritage begins with tons of blackcurrants and a plethora of sweet oak notes on the nose -- vanilla, caramel, and nutmeg are a few of the highlights. The wine tastes sweet and rich with more blackcurrant plus blackberry and raisin fruit. Major oak influence continues with loads of  vanilla, chocolate and caramel flavors in the mouth. The whole thing is wrapped up in a surprisingly smooth package. Fans of Apothic Red will find a lot to like in this wine, which I would consider a nice step up in quality. It ends dry with a little spice and a whole lot more rich fruit and sweet oak.  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130402"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Estancia Reserve Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/estancia-reserve-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
757,"   Deep.   50% Touriga Nacional, 40% Tinta Roriz and 10% Touriga Franca from Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $28. Purchased at Costco for $19.99.  From the bottle: ""This lovely wine is a fine example of the quality potencial of the Douro region. The grapes are carefully selected from Classic red Douro varietals including Touriga Nacional (50%), Tinta Roriz (40%) and Touriga Franca (10%) from our best vineyards in the Pinhao valley. It has aged in new French oak barriques for 9 months in our cellars.  13.8% Alcohol""Today weve got another wine that likely only falls into our price range thanks to the excellent prices and low margin of Costco. Check out our recent Costco Week series to get more info on why the largest retailer of wine in the U.S. is a great place for Reverse Wine Snobs to shop.   The 2009 Quinta Do Portal Reserva Red begins with a simply lovely aroma that is reminiscent of Port - theres lots of dark ripe fruit, spice and some enticing vanilla and cedar notes. Tasting the wine reveals wonderful, rich, dark, deep fruit. This wine has some some serious fruit but its perfectly balanced by lovely spice and big, dry tannins. Add in great acidity and a long finish and this one is a winner. Highly recommended.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130515"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Quinta Do Portal Reserva Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/quinta-do-portal-reserva-red.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
758,"   Perfect For An American. On the label: the Maremma Cowboy.  40% Sangiovese, 20% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Merlot and 20% Syrah from Maremma, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $29 and available for as low as $19.99.  From the bottle: ""Tasting Notes: A wine of outstanding personality. Deep ruby red in color, with pleasant notes of chocolate and vanilla. Intense and full-bodied with a long finish. It is the perfect accompaniment to all kinds of red meat dishes and aged cheeses.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the Rocca di Frassinello winery in Tuscany which was created as a joint venture between Castellare di Castellina and Lafite (Barons de Rothschild), two renowned wineries  -- the first from Italy and the second from France. This isnt necessarily a guarantee of good wine, but it certainly doesnt hurt.  The 2009 Rocca Di Frassinello Ornello begins with nice floral aromas of lavender, violet and sage plus other dried herbs, vanilla and ripe red and black cherry. Tasting the wine reveals a good amount of oak, so youll want to give this one some time to open up. Youll also find soft tannins along with lots of juicy fruit (blackberry and black cherry) mixed with cola and vanilla flavors. The juicy fruit continues on the dry, long finish and turns into mocha notes at the very end. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130106"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Rocca Di Frassinello Ornello"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/rocca-di-frassinello-ornello-2009-best.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
759,"   Off the endangered list.  100% Malagousia from Epanomi, Macedonia, Greece.  SRP of $20 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy New Wines of Greece for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The rare varietal of Malagousia was rescued from extinction through Vangelis Gerovassilious efforts who noted its potential, and vinified it for the first time in the 70s. This wine is made from select grapes from the oldest and best parcels of the vineyard, giving a rich character with fruity flavors balanced with crisp acidity. Best served with Mediterranean and Asian cuisine.  12.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is made from the Malagousia grape, a variety indigenous to Greece that was nearly extinct until recently. (OK it was actually the 1970s but since I was born in the 70s Im calling that recent.) Greece is one of the oldest winemaking regions in the world, so its no surprise that many indigenous varieties of grapes have likely come and gone. Theres no telling how many others weve lost, but we do know that here at The Reverse Wine Snob were big fans of Greek wines and the indigenous Greek grapes that are still around. Whether were talking about Agiorgitiko in red or rosé form, Xinomavro (the Greek Nebbiolo), or whites like Assyrtico and Moschofilero, Greece has a lot of great wine to offer.   The 2010 Domaine Gerovassiliou Malagousia begins with a really beautiful bouquet of pear, peach, citrus, a little mango and some floral notes. This wine has a very inviting aroma. Tasting the wine reveals a smooth silky texture and delicious, rich and juicy fruit featuring melon, orange zest and other citrus flavors. Good acidity and minerality help to make this a very food friendly wine. A really delicious Viognier-like white wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120921"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Domaine Gerovassiliou Malagousia"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/domaine-gerovassiliou-malagousia-2010.html"" };   Advertise or Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
760,"   Add Argentina to the list of countries that do Syrah proud!   100% Syrah from Uco Valley, Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $19.99. 2,000 cases imported by Vine Connections. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Beautiful deep purple color, tilting the glass the shallows are a soft rose. The nose is like walking into a gentlemen’s poker parlor: aromas of cigar, leather, and smoked meat fill the nose with hints of toasty oak, forest floor and baking spice. Rich, lush, and mouthfilling on the palate. Well structured tannins support big fruit flavors of blackberry jam, black spiced cherries, ground black pepper and just a hint of rhubarb. Nice, long, lingering finish. L3—lush, long and loveable. Pairs well with grilled or smoked meats such as beef, pork, and lamb, and dishes prepared with mild cheeses or wild mushrooms.  14.0% Alcohol""Syrah is one of my very favorite varieties of wine (as evidenced by yesterdays"
761,"   A sweet dessert wine of 100% Moscatel from Kingdom of Navarra, Spain in a 500 ml bottle. SRP of $20 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Ochoa Vino Dulce De Moscatel  The grapes are grown at the higher levels of our Traibuenas Vineyards, the Ochoa Moscatel a petit grains is collected slightly over-ripe, with a great concentration of sugars, flavour and aromas. It is a light, fragrant, elegant wine with intensely ripe fruit.   Serve at 8-10°C. 12.5% Alcohol.""The 2010 Bodegas Ochoa Moscatel de Grano Menudo begins with aromas of grapefruit, peaches and even a bit of almond. The wine is syrupy sweet and tastes of peaches, apricots, lime and honeysuckle. This is a VERY drinkable wine and once you start you likely wont want to stop. The finish has a nice acidity to balance out the sweetness. This wine was just as good on day 2, but Im betting itll never make it that long. It pushes the limit of our price boundary, but this a great wine to splurge on for your next dinner party!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110718"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
762,"  85% Malbec, 8% Cabernet Franc, 5% Merlot and 2% Syrah from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $22 and available for around $20. Sample received courtesy Blackbird Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Memories -- recuerdos -- are timeless. With more than 300 days of sun each year, the Argentine landscape in the shadow of the Andes Mountains -- is the sentinel of our memories.  At 3,557 feet altitude, our rock-strewn vineyard encircles majestic weeping willows, producing Malbec with intense aromatics and flavor concentration.  Recuerdo Wines, created by the Vines of Mendoza with acclaimed consulting winemaker, Santiago Achaval, captures the fundamental qualities of high altitude terroir in each wine.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from a new label that was just released this year. In addition to this Malbec they also offer a Torrontés that we will be reviewing in the future. And at an SRP of $22, this is the most expensive wine in our Malbec Mania series. Luckily this one can be found for $19.99 and as distribution widens Im guessing you might be able to get it for even a little less that.   The 2010 Recuerdo Malbec begins with very nice aromas of blackberry and spice, as well as some notes of blueberry, plum and vanilla. This wine has a silky smooth texture, good depth, and really great fruit. The smooth and spicy tannins intensify into the excellent dry finish and the silky spice and dark fruit flavors linger a long time. Really a nice wine!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111201"",  ""title"" : ""Recuerdo Malbec 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    ""Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec Under $20"" Wines Reviewed To Date 2010 Santa Julia [+] Malbec 2009 Famiglia Meschini Premium Malbec 2010 Alamos Malbec 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Malbec 2009 Terrazas De Los Andes Malbec Reserva 2010 Recuerdo Malbec 2009 Familia Grittini Areo Malbec 2009 Santa Julia Reserva Malbec "
763,"   Russian River Valley Pinot Noir for under $20!   Pinot Noir from the Russian River Valley, California.  SRP of $26 and available for as low as $19.99.  From the bottle: ""Sebastopol, California flanked by artisan vineyards, is where we call home. Looking for unique wines from premium growing regions.  13.9% Alcohol""Russian River Valley (RRV) Pinot Noir is a tough nut to crack for under $20. The Russian River Valley, which is a small section of Sonoma County, accounts for 20% of the total Pinot Noir plantings in the entire state of California simply because the conditions in this area are so good for growing this grape. Its also why its hard to find examples under $20 -- wines from this region demand a premium.  Weve covered a couple RRV Pinot Noirs in the past, but only one was under $20, the Ninety Plus (90+) Cellars Reserve Lot 56 Russian River Valley Pinot Noir 2008 - Eminently Drinkable. The other RRV Pinot Noir weve covered was as a Saturday Splurge: Echelon Collection Series Russian River Valley Pinot Noir 2010 - A Flavorful And Spicy Saturday Splurge.    Unfortunately, not only is RRV Pinot Noir under $20 a bit of a rarity, but todays wine is also hard to find. Luckily it is available nationally here for $19.99 a bottle, which is where I bought mine. (New sign-ups can also get $10 off their first order by using that link, which helps to offset the shipping cost.)  The 2010 Sebastopol Oaks Russian River Pinot Noir begins with an excellent aroma of maraschino cherries, cedar and spice. The wine tastes smooth and juicy with a little kick of spice near the end. The cherry flavors from the nose continue when tasting along with some other tart berry fruit, lots of black tea and a hint of red licorice. This wine has soft tannins which help to make it very easy to drink. A very food flexible and delicious wine that is even better on day two!   Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130527"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Sebastopol Oaks Russian River Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/sebastopol-oaks-russian-river-pinot-noir.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
764,"  100% Chardonnay from Bien Nacido Vineyards, Santa Maria Valley, California.  SRP of $24 and available for as low as $19.99. Sample received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""With our Unbridled wines we celebrate the grapes characteristics, only selecting outstanding vineyard blocks and the most flavorful barrels. Our Chardonnay comes from the acclaimed Bien Nacido Vineyard of Santa Maria Valley, where the cool Pacific Ocean helps to produce exceptional Chardonnay fruit. This irresistible wine offers aromas of crisp green apple, white peach and fresh baked pastries followed by flavors of lemon meringue, almond and creme brulee. A favorite to pair with scallops, sauteed shellfish and rosemary roasted chicken.  14.5% Alcohol""Chardonnay is an interesting wine. The most popular grape in the U.S., yet also one that can be quite polarizing based on oak treatment. We delved into many different styles of Chardonnay in our Chardonnay Showdown series, but on taste alone I believe I might just have a new favorite -- todays wine.  The 2010 Wild Horse Unbridled Chardonnay Bien Nacido Vineyards Santa Maria Valley begins with an excellent fruity and creamy aroma of lemon custard, green apple, a little almond and a bit of yeast. Tasting the wine reveals flavors of green apple, pear, more lemon custard plus a really nice minerality, excellent acidity and a lively mouthfeel. This wine was aged in 100% French oak for several months, but this is the way to do it. The oak aging enhances everything about this wine instead of overpowering. It ends beautifully as well, with excellent flavors that linger for a long time and you really cant help but take another sip. Just a joy to drink.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120914"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Wild Horse Unbridled Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/wild-horse-unbridled-chardonnay.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
765," Two Prime Picks for #AlbarinoDay!     Finally, a made up marketing day that I wholeheartedly support.   While I may not be a fan of all these made-up days, created solely for marketing purposes (#CabernetDay and the like), I am a fan of anything that promotes Albarino. Why? Let me put it this way...if Spain, which has more vineyard land than any other country, chooses Albarino as one of the very few white varieties that it produces and labels as a single varietal, there just might be something special here.   Today Ive got a couple picks to help convince you of this, but first lets find out a little bit more about Albarino.  Albarino Quick Facts:  Accounts for 90% of the grapes grown in Rias Baixas (ree-ahs-buy-shuss), Spain.  Also produced in Portugal where it is called Alvarinho -- and is used in some of those delicious Vinho Verde wines.  Usually fermented in stainless steel which produces a lighter bodied wine.  Barrel fermentation and oak aging are also occasionally used which produces a fuller wine.  Many times produced slightly effervescent, or frizzante.  This is a low yielding variety that is expensive to cultivate.  Generally best consumed within 3 years.  A great match with seafood.  Info taken from here and here.   Of course the best way to experience Albarino is to taste it, and so in addition to the two fine selections below be sure to check out all of our other recommended Albarino buys here. And now onto todays picks!  First up is the 2011 Pazo Torrado Albarino.      A lively little number.   100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $13. Sample submitted for review.    From the bottle:  ""Pazo Torrado is a 100% Albarino wine from the Salnes Valley belonging to the Rias Baixas Designation of Origin in Galicia. The camelia flower on the label, symbolizes the freshness and floral beauty of this wonderful Albarino, with aromas of citrus and tropcial fruit flavors.   12.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Pazo Torrado Albarino begins with a salty, green apple aroma with complementary floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals a lively texture with fresh acidity and lots of lime, green apple and citrus flavors. This is a very pure and refreshing wine. It ends with a nice clean finish and good length. Its both easy to drink and interesting - two things that dont always go together.    See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Our second pick is the 2011 Adega Pazos de Lusco Albarino.     Why not make every day #AlbarinoDay this summer?   100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $22 and available for as low as $19.99. Sample submitted for review.    From the bottle:  ""A Pazos de Lusco was founded in 1996 upon acquisition of the historic Pazo Pineiro estate, a 12 acre property offering ideal growing conditions for the spectacular, aromatic Albarino grape variety. Lusco, the result of superb fruit and natural wine-making, offers concentration and elegance on a par with the worlds finest dry white wines.   13.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Lusco Albarino begins with pleasing aromas of pear, a little citrus, sea salt and a hint of lemon custard. Tasting the wine reveals a substantial mouthfeel with a nice zestiness to it. Youll also find lots of citrus and mineral notes plus a little tropical fruit that builds into the finish. This is a bigger wine than the Pazo Torrado, with everything amplified a bit. On the finish the tart tropical fruit continues for a surprisingly long time and a bit of lemon custard from the nose reappears.    See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
766,"   Fantastic! And thankfully nothing like ""just-run horse and saddle"".   60% Tannat and 40% Merlot from Canelones, Uruguay.  SRP of $19.99 and available at that price. 580 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Artesana is an ultra-premium boutique winery located in the acclaimed Canelones region of Uruguay. Tannat (originally from France) is the signature varietal of Uruguay and produces balanced, full-bodied wines with ripe fruit flavors and an exotic, spicy character.  Artesanas unique artisan wines are made from 100% estate-grown grapes and handcrafted by our two exceptional women winemakers. Wines are made in small lots fermented separately, aged for 12 months in the highest quality French and American oak, custom blended, and bottled without fining or filtration. Rich and velvety, this Tannat-Merlot blend exhibits lush black and red fruit layered with allspice, ripe tannins and toasty oak, converging in a round lingering finish.  15.3% Alcohol""Todays wine is another example of the good things happening in Uruguay. You may remember our Tannat Tuesday series from a few months ago, where we reviewed several 100% Tannat wines from Uruguay and came away very impressed. Todays wine left us just as impressed, but before we get to the review I have to vent.   In researching this wine a bit I came across a review from one of the major wine magazines that described it as having ""a note of just-run horse and saddle"". Seriously? It smells like sweaty horse? And the average person is supposed to know what this even smells like? Funny thing is they actually liked the wine! Take a look at our Ten Tenets of Reverse Wine Snobbery if you want to know why well never describe a wine in such a pretentious and ridiculous manner.  The 2011 Artesana Tannat-Merlot needs a couple of hours to open up but when it does youll find fantastic aromas of succulent dark fruit, spice, a little leather and mint. Tasting this full-bodied wine reveals loads of rich dark fruit, substantial tannins, great balance and a full and slightly chewy mouthfeel. Secondary notes of licorice and dark chocolate add complexity. It ends dry with tart dark fruit and more dark chocolate notes on the grippy finish. A bold and oh so tasty wine that thankfully neither tastes nor smells anything like ""just-run horse and saddle"".  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140111"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Artesana Tannat-Merlot"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/artesana-tannat-merlot.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
767,"   Just a penny under our limit, but well worth it for the amazing texture of this wine!  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $25 and available for $19.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The Sauvignon Blanc shows a straw to pale gold color with light intensity and bright clarity in appearance. The nose shows medium plus intensity with a youthful development and aromas of lychee, pineapple, candied banana, melon and gooseberry. The palate is dry with medium plus acidity, body, flavor intensity and length, showing additional notes of grapefruit, green apple and honey. The lively, refreshing acidity and expressive fresh fruit in this wine should complement a variety of seafood dishes, as well as fresh salads and rich cheeses. This Sauvignon Blanc pairs beautifully with shellfish, especially Dungeness crab.  14.1% Alcohol""Sauvignon Blanc is one of the most popular white varieties, and it is grown all over the world. From New Zealand to Chile to France to South Africa to California and all points in between, there are delicious examples of this variety being produced. And todays wine from California ranks right up there with the best that Ive tried.  The 2011 Gary Farrell Redwood Ranch Sonoma County Sauvignon Blanc begins with very pleasant aromas of apricot, grapefruit and lime. Its quite an enticing bouquet but the magic really happens in your mouth. Tasting the wine reveals an amazing rich and lively texture featuring flavors of grapefruit and other tropical fruit, pear, a hint of grass and even a little spice. Theres also a wonderful underlying minerality. This wine spends a short period in oak which softens the fruit a bit and adds a nice roundness. The long finish features lemon, mango and a hint of vanilla at the very end. Excellent on its own or easily capable of complementing a wide variety of foods, this is a wine you need to try!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130115"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Gary Farrell Redwood Ranch Sauvignon Blanc "",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/gary-farrell-redwood-ranch-sauvignon-blanc.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
768,"   This is one delicious Cabernet.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Alexander Valley, Sonoma, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $19.99. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order.  From the bottle: ""Winemaker Nick Goldschmidt says Katherine thinks outside the box. She is one to always challenge the status quo and go off in her own direction. Working on this wine together we now have a greater understanding of our, and the wines, diversities and complexities. I think its truly one of the best for Alexander Valley Cabernet and shows this 20 year old single vineyard in a new light...like Katherines innovative character.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very nice aroma full of blackberry, raspberry, spice, vanilla, chocolate, caramel and a little smoke. Tasting reveals loads of rich, fantastic fruit (mainly blackberry and plum) with excellent chocolate and vanilla notes. Add to that tons of spicy, smoky, oaky notes and you have one delicious Cabernet. I couldnt help but think this would be fabulous with a steak or even a cheeseburger. It finishes long with all of those same flavors found when tasting lingering nicely.  Get the Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive! Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140430"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/katherine-goldschmidt-crazy-creek-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
769,"   Big, rich, smooth and tasty Malbec.   86% Malbec and 14% Cabernet Sauvignon from Mendoza, Argentina.  Available for $19.99 exclusively at Costco. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our Signature Series wine from Kirkland Signature is selectively sourced from a single vineyard known to be among the highest in the world (4,000 feet above sea level), and the oldest vines at the base of the Andes Mountains. This 2011 Argentina Malbec has been fermented in traditional concrete tanks and aged in French oak to present the heritage of Mendoza. It is superior quality in fine wines brought directly to you for your enjoyment. Salud! -- Alejandro Canovas, Winemaker  14.5% Alcohol""Its been awhile since weve featured a Costco pick so today we have one that comes from the Signature Series line, which is a step up from the normal Kirkland Signature wines and is Costcos top tier of private label wines. The branding on the Signature Series is very subtle so I dont blame you if youve walked by these in the store having no idea they were any different from the normal Kirkland Signature wines -- thats exactly what I did for months. This Signature Series brand also comes at a price very close to our limit, $19.99. Based on our unique rating system a wine at that cost has to score very high on our Taste scale in order to get a recommended buy rating. Lets find out if this one is up to that daunting task, shall we?   The 2011 Kirkland Signature Series Malbec comes from single vineyard, old vine grapes grown at 4,000 feet above sea level and spends 12 months in 100% new French oak. It has only 2.4 g/L of residual sugar which makes it a very dry (not sweet) wine. These are definitely the type of specs you would expect from a Malbec at this price point but of course the real proof is in the glass and this Signature Series wine excels there as well. It opens with very pleasant aromas of ripe plum, black cherry and dark berry fruit along with a little vanilla and spice. Tasting reveals a big, rich, smooth and tasty wine full of ripe juicy fruit and plenty of vanilla and caramel notes. Spice and black pepper notes come to the forefront on the long, dry, dusty finish. Excellent.   Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141120"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Kirkland Signature Series Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/kirkland-signature-series-malbec.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
770,"   Stuck on Schiava!  100% Schiava from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $23 and available for as low as $19.99. Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the winery: ""This red wine forms part of the extensive Schiava family, and is distinguished by its characteristics which result from its cultivation on the outstanding Galea Vineyard.  Low yields, some vines of more than a hundred years and rigorously selected grapes guarantee the production of a wine with a convincing quality potential. This Schiava is typified by appealing colour, and is pleasant in smell and aroma.  An adaptable accompaniment to all dishes, but especially appropriate to be served with traditional South Tyrolean specialities.  13.0% Alcohol""Were well into our series on the Wines of Alto Adige but todays wine is the first Schiava weve sampled. Schiava (Ski-ah-vah), also known as Vernatsch or Trollinger, is a variety indigenous to Alto Adige. In fact, it is believed that it has grown in this area since the Middle Ages! Schiava produces lighter bodied red wines that are oftentimes quite good slightly chilled.  Other wines in the Wines From Alto Adige series: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein  The 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava is a little tight upon pouring, but soon reveals wonderful fruity and earthy aromas plus a little spicy vanilla. It tastes light, easy to drink and downright delicious. Nice strawberry and raspberry flavors plus a bit of spice combine with a good acidity and some continuing earthy notes from the bouquet. The finish is very long with more fruit and light spice notes. This wine might be even better on day 2 and while it is excellent at room temperature it is at its best slightly chilled. Fabulous!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121009"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/nals-margreid-galea-vernatsch-schiava.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
771,"   You might be a few fries short of a happy meal if you dont like this tasty Crazy Creek Cab.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Alexander Valley, Sonoma, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $19.99. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order.  From the bottle: ""Winemaker Nick Goldschmidt says Katherine thinks outside the box. She is one to always challenge the status quo and go off in her own direction. Working on this wine together we now have a greater understanding of our, and the wines, diversities and complexities. I think its truly one of the best results for Alexander Valley Cabernet and shows this 20 year old single vineyard in a new light...like Katherines innovative character.  14.3% Alcohol""The 2012 Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon spent 18 months in 20% new French, American and Hungarian oak barrels. The wine opens with a very nice aroma full of blackberry, toffee, cola and vanilla. Tasting reveals lots of rich, deep fruit (mainly blackberry and plum) with excellent cola and vanilla. Add to that tons of spicy, smoky, oaky notes and you have one tasty Cabernet. The 2012 is probably still a bit young, but overall I liked it just as much as the 2011. And just like the 2011, it makes a great match for a cheeseburger or a steak. It finishes long with lots of lingering cola, oak and blackberry flavors.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141219"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/katherine-goldschmidt-crazy-creek-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the Katherine Goldschmidt Crazy Creek Cabernet Sauvignon for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!    Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our emails to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
772," A quick break from our Breaking Into The Box series to bring you this special deal...    Better strap yourself in for this one.   A blend of 31% Zinfandel, 23% Carignane, 12% Petite Sirah, 11% Malbec, 10% Merlot, 9% Petit Verdot, 2% Mixed Blacks, 1% Ruby Cabernet and 1% Syrah from a whos who list of regions in California: 28% Monterey, 18% Dry Creek, 15% Mendocino, 16% Alexander Valley, 11% Oakville, 4% Sonoma Valley, 4% California, 3% San Louis Obispo and 1% Russian River Valley. Phew!  This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the SAVED Red Blend 2012 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!  From the bottle: ""Saved Wine is a collaboration between the artist Scott Campbell and winemaker Clay Brock.  15.2% Alcohol""The 2012 Saved Red Wine begins with a powerful, full-throttle aroma of blackberry, plum, blueberry, spice, vanilla and lots of oak. The wine tastes big, rich, juicy and spicy with tons of jammy ripe fruit, vanilla and oak. Slightly sweet at 5.8 g/L of residual sugar and incredibly smooth to drink, Saved is Apothic Red on steroids! The oakiness mellows out a bit with some air, but the big flavors stay. It ends richly with lots of lingering sweet blackberry and oaky notes. Better strap yourself in for this one.  And no worries, well be back Monday with the next pick in our Box Wine series!   Get the SAVED Red Blend 2012 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141018"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Saved Red Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/10/saved-red-wine.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the SAVED Red Blend 2012 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
773," Pinot Grigio youll want to drink.     Even the bottle shape is better.   Dont get me wrong, theres plenty of good Pinot Grigio out there -- but theres also tons of watered down, lifeless juice you can barely call wine (Italy and California, Im looking at you). Of course years ago as a very casual wine drinker, I loved the stuff. Give me a bottle of Ecco Domani and I was in heaven. And in all actuality thats still a fine wine if thats what youre in the mood for, its just that nowadays I find myself wanting something with a little more substance and complexity. To be honest, I had just about given up on finding that in Pinot Grigio, except for perhaps the occasional bottle from Alto Adige or Australia. But then I discovered Alsace.  The Alsace region in the north-eastern corner of France is well known for producing stellar white wines. Riesling and Gewurztraminer are the most popular, but Pinot Gris (aka Pinot Grigio) is right behind them. The wines produced here are markedly different, in part due to the heavy German influence (the whole region has changed nationality several times throughout history, switching between Germany and France) and partially due to the mix of volcanic and limestone soils and the unique climate created by the Vosges Mountains. Like any good wine, you almost feel that you can taste these elements in the glass. And perhaps remarkably for us, given were talking about French wine here, there are a number of excellent examples of Alsatian Pinot Gris for under $20. Here are four of my favorite Pinot Gris picks from Alsace.    First up is the Willm Pinot Gris Reserve 2011 with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $11. 13% Alcohol.  The wine begins with pleasant aromas of honey tinged fruit, primarily peach, apricot and a little pear. Nothing out of the ordinary so far, but its when tasting the wine you realize that this is not your average Pinot Grigio. The Willm is so much more substantial with a soft and round texture that is really quite pleasing. The wine is modestly sweet but some nice acidity at the core helps to keep the sweetness level in check. It ends with more honey soaked fruit that lasts for good time in the mouth. A great place to start your exploration of Pinot Gris.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Second is the Domaine Mittnacht Freres Pinot Gris Les Petits Grains 2011 with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $20. 14% Alcohol.  The Domaine Mittnacht reveals more of the mineral side of Alsace. It begins with peach, apricot, pear and honeysuckle aromas along with a hint of tropical fruit. Tasting the wine reveals a lovely texture and viscosity with lots of minerals, fruit and spice. Theres also an excellent bright acidity. The fruit flavors are similar to the nose, but the fruit takes a back seat when tasting this wine. It ends crisp and clean.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Third is the Domaines Schlumberger Les Princes Abbes Pinot Gris 2009 with an SRP of $20 and available for as low as $15. 13.5% Alcohol.  The Domains Schlumberger begins altogether different than the first two wines. Earthy apple and quince notes, white peach and hints of smoke and lemon are the first aromas to hit you. That lovely mouthfeel is still there however, this time rich and even a bit chalky. The primary flavors when tasting are similar to the bouquet with perhaps a bit more smoke coming through and lasting all the way through to the long finish. Whats interesting is that many times a wine with a thick mouthfeel like this would be very sweet, but thats not the case here. And just like the first two wines, lovely mineral notes add intrigue. A wine that just gets better and better with every sip.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Last we have the Meyer-Fonne Pinot Gris Reserve Particuliere 2009 with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $20. 13.5% Alcohol.  With this wine, the first thing to hit you when smelling it are funky, earthy notes with apple, peach and a hint of tropical fruit not far behind. The wine tastes absolutely splendid with a lovely and lively texture in the mouth. It isnt at all what I expected from the nose, but its delicious. Baked green apple, peach, spicy pear and even a hint of cinnamon combine with good acidity and then eventually give way to chalky mineral notes on the long finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy All wines were samples submitted for review.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
774," Pinot Grigio youll want to drink.     Even the bottle shape is better.   Dont get me wrong, theres plenty of good Pinot Grigio out there -- but theres also tons of watered down, lifeless juice you can barely call wine (Italy and California, Im looking at you). Of course years ago as a very casual wine drinker, I loved the stuff. Give me a bottle of Ecco Domani and I was in heaven. And in all actuality thats still a fine wine if thats what youre in the mood for, its just that nowadays I find myself wanting something with a little more substance and complexity. To be honest, I had just about given up on finding that in Pinot Grigio, except for perhaps the occasional bottle from Alto Adige or Australia. But then I discovered Alsace.  The Alsace region in the north-eastern corner of France is well known for producing stellar white wines. Riesling and Gewurztraminer are the most popular, but Pinot Gris (aka Pinot Grigio) is right behind them. The wines produced here are markedly different, in part due to the heavy German influence (the whole region has changed nationality several times throughout history, switching between Germany and France) and partially due to the mix of volcanic and limestone soils and the unique climate created by the Vosges Mountains. Like any good wine, you almost feel that you can taste these elements in the glass. And perhaps remarkably for us, given were talking about French wine here, there are a number of excellent examples of Alsatian Pinot Gris for under $20. Here are four of my favorite Pinot Gris picks from Alsace.    First up is the Willm Pinot Gris Reserve 2011 with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $11. 13% Alcohol.  The wine begins with pleasant aromas of honey tinged fruit, primarily peach, apricot and a little pear. Nothing out of the ordinary so far, but its when tasting the wine you realize that this is not your average Pinot Grigio. The Willm is so much more substantial with a soft and round texture that is really quite pleasing. The wine is modestly sweet but some nice acidity at the core helps to keep the sweetness level in check. It ends with more honey soaked fruit that lasts for good time in the mouth. A great place to start your exploration of Pinot Gris.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Second is the Domaine Mittnacht Freres Pinot Gris Les Petits Grains 2011 with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $20. 14% Alcohol.  The Domaine Mittnacht reveals more of the mineral side of Alsace. It begins with peach, apricot, pear and honeysuckle aromas along with a hint of tropical fruit. Tasting the wine reveals a lovely texture and viscosity with lots of minerals, fruit and spice. Theres also an excellent bright acidity. The fruit flavors are similar to the nose, but the fruit takes a back seat when tasting this wine. It ends crisp and clean.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Third is the Domaines Schlumberger Les Princes Abbes Pinot Gris 2009 with an SRP of $20 and available for as low as $15. 13.5% Alcohol.  The Domains Schlumberger begins altogether different than the first two wines. Earthy apple and quince notes, white peach and hints of smoke and lemon are the first aromas to hit you. That lovely mouthfeel is still there however, this time rich and even a bit chalky. The primary flavors when tasting are similar to the bouquet with perhaps a bit more smoke coming through and lasting all the way through to the long finish. Whats interesting is that many times a wine with a thick mouthfeel like this would be very sweet, but thats not the case here. And just like the first two wines, lovely mineral notes add intrigue. A wine that just gets better and better with every sip.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Recommended Buy  Last we have the Meyer-Fonne Pinot Gris Reserve Particuliere 2009 with an SRP of $22 and available for as low as $20. 13.5% Alcohol.  With this wine, the first thing to hit you when smelling it are funky, earthy notes with apple, peach and a hint of tropical fruit not far behind. The wine tastes absolutely splendid with a lovely and lively texture in the mouth. It isnt at all what I expected from the nose, but its delicious. Baked green apple, peach, spicy pear and even a hint of cinnamon combine with good acidity and then eventually give way to chalky mineral notes on the long finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy All wines were samples submitted for review.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
775,"   Fantastic with dark chocolate.   A blend of Touriga Nacional, Touriga Francesa and Tinta Roriz from Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $20. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""This LBV has a good, clean defined style similar to other La Rosa ports with a good structure, integrated, mature tannins and soft wood undertones. This port shows the harmony and equilibrium present in the La Rosa vineyards. La Rosa ports are always slightly drier than most, and the brandy is always well integrated. 2008 has produced an LBV with great complexity and length. Wonderful black moreno cherry flavors and a deep overall richness.   20% Alcohol""Vintage Port, which makes up about 1-2% of all Port, is the cream of the crop -- but it comes with a hefty price tag that is almost always out of the reach of Reverse Wine Snobs. There is; however, another option that is almost to the same level of quality but at a much lower price, Late Bottled Vintage (LBV) Port. LBV Port represents about 3.5% of all Port produced.   Basically LBV is a small step down from Vintage Port, using the grapes that would have gone into Vintage Port in the 7 out of every 10 years (on average) that a vintage is not declared. Most LBVs are produced a bit differently than Vintage Port in that they are not intended to be aged in the bottle for long periods but are made to be consumed upon release. They are bottled anywhere from 4-6 years after harvest, and like todays Port are matured in large wooden casks called ""tonels"".  The Quinta De La Rosa Late Bottled Vintage 2008 Port begins with excellent and perfumed aromas of plum, black raspberry, spice and lavender. Tasting the Port reveals rich, succulent flavors of dark fruit, smoke and cedar with lovely spice notes that carry all the way through to the long finish. Since Port isnt something you drink in a day or two I tried this one several times over a two week period to emulate how it is likely to be consumed and it was excellent throughout that whole period.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130311"",  ""title"" : ""Quinta De La Rosa Late Bottled Vintage 2008 Port"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/quinta-de-la-rosa-late-bottled-vintage-port.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
776,"  100% Tempranillo from Shenandoah Valley, California.  SRP of $16 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy TAPAS and the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Known as Spains noble grape, Tempranillo is a classic quality grape variety and is responsible for making some of Spains best wines.  Taking well to the California climate, Tempranillo produces wines which are lush and seductive with intense fruit flavors of black cherry, raspberry, currant and notes of plums and tobacco.  14.2% Alcohol""Today, with a bit of sadness, we come to our last wine in our extended series on American Tempranillo. Ive enjoyed these six wines immensely, and have been surprised at just how good this variety can be here in the States. To recap, here are the wines we sampled: The Abacela Estate Tempranillo from Umpqua Valley, Oregon: A Myriad of Multi-Dimensional Flavors. The Longoria Clover Creek Vineyard Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: America The Beautiful (Saturday Splurge). The Bokisch Vineyards Tempranillo from Lodi, California: Organic and Dynamic. The St. Amant Amador County Tempranillo from Amador County, California: Made In The U.S.A. The Curran Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: A Decadently Delicious Saturday Splurge. The 2007 Bray Vineyards Tempranillo begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, raspberry and a little leather. Tasting the wine shows a good silky texture. The fruit flavors from the bouquet carryover and there are is also some added vanilla and tobacco. The finish shows a bit of heat, but has good length. Give this wine plenty of time to breathe -- we found it to be even better on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""02120516"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Bray Vineyards Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
777,"  Available for $19.99 at Oscar Super Cash & Carry in Puerto Rico. After bemoaning the quality of the Malbecs at Trader Joes on twitter, Carlos Toro from Oscars sent me a bottle of this wine to try. According to the Lariviere website their wines are currently only exported to Brazil, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Denmark, Uruguay, Guatemala, and Australia.  From the winemaker:GRAPE: Malbec 100%. HARVEST: 2008 LOCATION VINYEARD: Luján de Cuyo, Ugarteche, Mendoza a 975 msnm. DESCRIPTION OF WINE: Red ruby with a twinkle of violet, intense, brilliant; it has a frutal expression prevailing over the oak. This important presence of fruit will later transform into the velvet, elegant and lasting flavour of the bouquet. GUARD: 14 months in contact with French and American oaks, medium plus toasted. ASSORTMENTS: Excellent with strong cheeses, red roasted meats and pastas with red sauces. SERVE: between 16 and 17 ºC.  Terroir Luján de Cuyo have special characteristics, that had to be respected, in order to be revealed in the final product. Mario Toso refers to a concept which involves a detailed planning, deep knowledge and commitment that needs to the present to obtain such a purpose. The result is a complete and humble agriculture which doesn´t search to impose itself in a context but to respond to what the place is looking for, with a deep respect to the terroir.  Wines The objective is to produce wines with a strong personality and elegance given by a french savoir faire with the talent of Mendozas team and the incredible taste of the grapes. To focus on the elaboration of few wines but all of them with a very unique style.    So here we have a great story, a cool label with individually numbered bottles and limited availability, which makes for quite an exclusive wine at around $20. (This one looks like it could do well in the American market!) While all this is nice, Im much more interested in how the wine tastes. Im not a big fan of all those other things (which can so easily feed into the wine snobbery I so dislike) -- taste and value are what this blog is about. However, if the wine can back up all the talk and window dressing with great taste then I can live with it.  The 2008 Lariviere Yturbe Malbec Partida Limitada does indeed come through with great taste. Ripe fruit and a bit of coffee/vanilla on the nose. Smooth and fruity in the mouth with some spice and heavier tannins on the lingering finish. Overall  quite good and much more complex than a typical Malbec. Words dont really do this one justice. If you are in Puerto Rico, you need to go pick up a bottle and give it a try. For the rest of us, heres hoping that this wine makes it to the States soon!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8  Im only giving this one a Taste rating for now since it is not available in the U.S. yet.  All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.   PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110422"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Lariviere Yturbe Malbec Partida Limitada"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
778,"   For the oak lovers!   87% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Cabernet Franc, 3% Petite Sirah and 4% other from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $17. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Louis M. Martini built his winery in the Napa Valley in 1933. His passion was Cabernet Sauvignon. Martini planted and acquired top Cabernet Sauvignon vineyards throughout Napa and Sonoma counties to pursue his passion. Today, winemaker Michael Martini continues his grandfathers tradition of crafting rich, complex and beautifully structured wines.  This wine presents inviting aromas of cassis, sweet herbs, and hints of pipe tobacco. On the palate, it exhibits a firm structure and intriguing flavors of ripe black cherries, deep, briary red fruits, and old-world complexities that linger through a memorable finish.  14.2% Alcohol""The Louis M. Martini winery has been making Cabernet in California for over 75 years and in that time theyve gotten pretty good at it. This is the third Cabernet weve sampled from their line, and price-wise it falls between the Sonoma County (""A Sure Bet"") and the Alexander Valley Cabernet (""Darn Good""). Typical of many single varietal wines, todays Cabernet also adds in some small amounts of other grapes. (Remember only 75% of one grape is needed to be labeled as a single variety.) But the real question is: How does it taste?  The 2008 Louis M. Martini Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with very nice aromas of blackberry, licorice, clove, cinnamon and cedar. Tasting the wine reveals a good deal of oak -- youll want to give this wine some time to breathe. Once it has time in the glass this wine is quite good. Theres still plenty of oak but blackberry, plum, and licorice become much more apparent and the oak reveals itself as pleasant cedar, caramel and spice that add to the wine rather than overwhelm it. The blackberry flavors continue all the way to the finish and are followed by some lingering tobacco notes. If you like a good amount of oak influence in your wine this one will be right up your alley!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121011"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Louis M. Martini Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/louis-m-martini-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };     Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
779,"  100% Pinot Noir from Willamette Valley, Oregon.  SRP of $18 and available for $17. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The famed Eola Hills district of Oregon’s Willamette Valley, where Stone Wolf Vineyards are located, is world renowned for ultra premium wines springing from its vineyards. Following true to form is this great Pinot Noir. Like velvet on the palate, it is a highly complex wine of tremendous depth of flavor. Full bodied and rich in color, a wine created specifically to accent fine foods, as are all of our wines. Here is a wine you may serve to your most discriminating guests and take pride in your selection of quality.  12.5% Alcohol""Today were starting a new series on Pinot Noir, but not just any Pinot Noir...were on the hunt for the best Pinot Noir under $20. Of course, this is not an easy feat, especially when youre talking about wine from places like Oregon. Given that, I was eager to start off this new series with a wine from Willamette Valley. Lets see how it measures up.  The 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir begins with aromas of black cherry and strawberry with some added herbal notes. This medium-bodied wine tastes of smooth fruit which gives way to some great spice and also a good amount of earthy green notes that resolve into lingering fruit flavors. Definitely a nice start in our hunt for the best Pinot Noir under $20!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111219"",  ""title"" : ""Stone Wolf Vineyards Pinot Noir Barrel Select Cuvée 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir "
780,"   Chianti (pictured), Montepulciano dAbruzzo, Nero dAvola and Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, all well under $20.   You may remember Toscano Vineyards from the Brunello we covered as a Saturday Splurge a few weeks ago. Today we have four more of their red wines, all well under $20. These wines are available in the U.S. thanks to Chuck Hollis, who imports these wines made by Giuseppe Sala. Chuck didnt start out as an importer, in fact, he admittedly didnt know a ton about wine, but he knew enough that when he tasted these wines on vacation in Italy that they needed to brought over to this country. And so thats exactly what he did, and we, for one, are glad for it!  First up is the  2010 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Chianti a blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Canaiolo. It has an SRP of $15 and is available for $13. 50,000 cases produced, 12.4% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2010 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Chianti begins with a pleasant aroma of lots of red fruit. The wine tastes nice and savory with rich red berry fruit, some good spice and a touch of smoke. A bit oaky at first, but that dissipates with a little air. It ends nice and spicy with a medium-length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next is the 2011 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Montepulciano dAbruzzo which is 100% Montepulciano. It has an SRP of $14 and is available for $12. 50,000 cases produced, 13% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Montepulciano dAbruzzo begins with a nice, strong aroma featuring lots of bright fruit and some earthy notes. Just like the Chianti this one needs a bit of air to show its best. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals lots of red cherry and other fresh red fruits, soft and dry tannins and earthy notes that carry through to the finish that also features some tart fruit.   Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Nero dAvola is 100% Nero dAvola. It has an SRP of $17 and is available for $15. 30,000 cases produced, 14% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Nero dAvola begins with a very aromatic and very nice nose of lots of black raspberry, spice, and maybe even a little smoke. The wine tastes very smooth and is full of rich red fruit that turns tart on the finish and nicely integrated spice. This variety often makes a great pizza wine and this one is no exception. It ends with good length and lingering tart berry notes.   Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Lastly we have what on taste alone is my favorite of the bunch, the 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Vino Nobile Di Montepulciano. This wine is a blend of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Colorino and 10% Canaiolo it has an SRP of $18 and is available for $16. 30,000 cases produced, 13.5% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Vino Nobile Di Montepulciano begins with a pleasant aroma of blackberry, plum and spice. Like many of the others, the wine tastes a little oaky at first and needs some air. However, once it opens up this is a big, serious wine featuring wonderful dark fruit, a lush mouthfeel and dry, chalky tannins. It ends dry with good length and some lingering caramel notes. Excellent!  Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
781,"   Chianti (pictured), Montepulciano dAbruzzo, Nero dAvola and Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, all well under $20.   You may remember Toscano Vineyards from the Brunello we covered as a Saturday Splurge a few weeks ago. Today we have four more of their red wines, all well under $20. These wines are available in the U.S. thanks to Chuck Hollis, who imports these wines made by Giuseppe Sala. Chuck didnt start out as an importer, in fact, he admittedly didnt know a ton about wine, but he knew enough that when he tasted these wines on vacation in Italy that they needed to brought over to this country. And so thats exactly what he did, and we, for one, are glad for it!  First up is the  2010 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Chianti a blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Canaiolo. It has an SRP of $15 and is available for $13. 50,000 cases produced, 12.4% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2010 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Chianti begins with a pleasant aroma of lots of red fruit. The wine tastes nice and savory with rich red berry fruit, some good spice and a touch of smoke. A bit oaky at first, but that dissipates with a little air. It ends nice and spicy with a medium-length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next is the 2011 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Montepulciano dAbruzzo which is 100% Montepulciano. It has an SRP of $14 and is available for $12. 50,000 cases produced, 13% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Montepulciano dAbruzzo begins with a nice, strong aroma featuring lots of bright fruit and some earthy notes. Just like the Chianti this one needs a bit of air to show its best. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals lots of red cherry and other fresh red fruits, soft and dry tannins and earthy notes that carry through to the finish that also features some tart fruit.   Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Nero dAvola is 100% Nero dAvola. It has an SRP of $17 and is available for $15. 30,000 cases produced, 14% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Nero dAvola begins with a very aromatic and very nice nose of lots of black raspberry, spice, and maybe even a little smoke. The wine tastes very smooth and is full of rich red fruit that turns tart on the finish and nicely integrated spice. This variety often makes a great pizza wine and this one is no exception. It ends with good length and lingering tart berry notes.   Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Lastly we have what on taste alone is my favorite of the bunch, the 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Vino Nobile Di Montepulciano. This wine is a blend of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Colorino and 10% Canaiolo it has an SRP of $18 and is available for $16. 30,000 cases produced, 13.5% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Vino Nobile Di Montepulciano begins with a pleasant aroma of blackberry, plum and spice. Like many of the others, the wine tastes a little oaky at first and needs some air. However, once it opens up this is a big, serious wine featuring wonderful dark fruit, a lush mouthfeel and dry, chalky tannins. It ends dry with good length and some lingering caramel notes. Excellent!  Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
782," Argentina represents! (Chardonnay Showdown Post #4)   100% Chardonnay from Argentina. 6 months in American oak. Available for around $17 at Oscar Super Cash & Carry in Puerto Rico.   Along with the wonderful Malbec that Carlos Toro sent me a few weeks back, came an unexpected surprise: bottle number 11 of the 2009 Lariviere Yturbe Partida Limitada Chardonnay.     Unfortunately, like the Malbec, this wine is currently only available in Brazil, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Denmark, Uruguay, Guatemala, and Australia. Im still hoping that changes soon and someone brings these fine wines into the United States.  From the bottle:""Mendoza - Argentina 100% Chardonnay - Cosecha: 2009 - Vasiia No 20 Notas a frutas tropicales miel y vainilla 6 meses en roble americano Vinas de 35 anos en terroir de privilegio 14.3% alcohol"" And heres a bit more info from the winemaker:""LOCATION VINEYARD: Luján de Cuyo, Ugarteche, Mendoza a 975 msnm DESCRIPTION OF WINE: Bright, golden yellow with a sparkle of steel; its aroma reminds of citric and tropical flavour obtained in the fermentation at a controlled temperature; light vanilla expressions due to its contact with new American oak. In mouth, it is intense, fresh, complex and with a well-balanced acidity. GUARD: 6 months in contact with American oak barrels. ASSORTMENT: Ideal with Cheese, Sea food and pasta. SERVE: between 4 and 7 ºC.""  Now to the wine, and its a good one. The 2009 Lariviere Yturbe Partida Limitada Chardonnay has green apple, tropical fruit, and light floral aromas. The green apple and tropical fruit also comes through when tasting in addition to some orange zest, a dash of vanilla, and a bit o butter. This one has a nice minerality to it and good balanced acidity. It all ends with a nice medium length finish. A Chardonnay that is light, refreshing, and easy to drink. Nice job Argentina! This one did degrade a bit on day 2, so probably better to finish it off when you open it, but I dont think Ill have to twist your arm to do that.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110623"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Lariviere Yturbe Partida Limitada Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
783,"  100% Primitivo from California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Well known in Apulia, Primitivo is Zinfandels closest relative. It produces a wine with similar fruit and greater finesse and structure. Estate grown and bottled. 9 barrels made.  We mindfully grow and produce traditional old world wines from distinctive Italian varietals that are uniquely Lake County. We are family owned and operated, and invite you to visit us in Kelseyville.  16.1% Alcohol""The 2009 Rosa dOro Primitivo has a very aromatic nose of ripe dark fruit, a bit of spice, some vanilla and even a little cranberry. This smooth wine has good texture and tastes of plum, cranberry and other red berry and cherry flavors. The finish is nice and easy with some light tannins and good fruit. Dont let the high alcohol content scare you as there is hardly any heat and I would never guess this wine is 16.1% alcohol. Another fine wine from Rosa dOro Vineyards.   Other Rosa dOro Wines reviewed: 2009 Muscat Canelli 2009 Sangiovese          See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111215"",  ""title"" : ""Rosa dOro Primitivo 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
784,"   The Swami from Sonoma (with a glow in the dark label).   Pinot Noir from Sonoma Coast, California.  SRP of $17 and available at that price or occasionally as low as $13 on the deal sites. Sample submitted for review. 2,500 cases produced. From Gundlach Bundschu who also produce the BULK BUY rated Gundlach Bundschu Mountain Cuvée 2010 - Guaranteed To Put A Smile on Your Face.   From the bottle: ""A California native, inspired by the land, sun and sea. Swami Pinot Noir is exotic and earthy, fruit-forward and approachable.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Swami Winery Sonoma Coast Pinot Noir begins with very pleasant aromas of ripe and even a bit candied cherry, spice, cedar and cola. The wine needs some air to open up and when it does it is really fantastic: earthy and fruity all at the same time with a great spicy streak. Lots of tart cherry fruit is wrapped up in a nice round and almost creamy mouthfeel in this medium-bodied wine. It ends with notes of toasty oak and even a hint of chocolate on the medium-long finish. Another excellent Pinot Noir option for all your holiday meals!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131212"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Swami Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/swami-pinot-noir.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
785,"  100% Pinot Bianco from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $26 and available for as low as $17. Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Grapes from outstanding single vineyards are selected for our top-quality Praedium wines: characteristic of the region with good body and a distinctive elegance.  13.5% Alcohol""Our travels through the wines of Alto Adige bring us back to one of the most popular grapes in the area, Pinot Bianco or Pinot Blanc. The other wines weve sampled from Alto Adige include: Other wines in the Wines From Alto Adige series: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein Not a bad one in the group and the best news is that were not done yet as weve got several more delicious wines lined up for the coming weeks.  The 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco begins with a really inviting aroma of pear, melon and a bit of zesty citrus. Tasting the wine reveals similar flavors to the bouquet along with good, zesty acidity, a wonderful rich taste and a really nice mouthfeel. Dont drink this wine too cold to get the best experience (i.e. if you put it in the fridge let it warm up a bit before drinking). It ends nicely with some chalky mineral notes. This wine has the potential to age 5-10 years.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120910"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/colterenzio-weisshaus-pinot-bianco-2010.html"" };   Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
786,"   A Beauty from Burgenland.   100% Blaufrankisch from Burgenland, Austria.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Austrian Wine for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Radiant, very dark ruby garnet tones with hints of violet and a dark core. The violet color at the rim with the purple notes indicate the youth of the Blaufrankisch while the long legs in the glass reveal its high extract. Pronounced fruit of cherries and blackberries with pepper and spices. Dry in style with mild acidity and juicy tannins, and a long harmonious finish. A typical representative of local Blaufrankisch finished in the traditional style, it is fruity, spicy and inviting.  13.0% Alcohol""Blaufrankisch, which is indigenous to Austria, can also be found in places like Germany, Hungary, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic and the United States. In Germany and the U.S. it is known as Lemberger most of the time. Here in the U.S. it is grown mainly in Washington state but youll find small amounts in places like New York and Virginia. In Austria, Blaufrankisch is the second most grown red variety behind Zweigelt and as you may remember from the first post in this series it is actually a parent to Zweigelt along with St Laurent.  Blaufrankisch is a late ripening grape that is capable of producing wines with significant aging potential and prominent tannins. But even more than that this is another example of a little known variety excelling when it is grown in its native environment -- theres a reason these varieties are indigenous to certain areas! Lucky for us, this one is priced right in our sweet spot, which is not always the case with lesser known varieties, so lets see how it tastes.  The 2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic begins with a really wonderful fruity aroma with tons of berry and a little baking spice. The wine also tastes very fruity with a plethora of berry flavors -- mainly cranberry, red cherry, blueberry and blackberry along with some pepper and spice. This is a lighter bodied example of the variety and might even be good slightly chilled. It ends with more fruit and a nice medium-long finish. It reminds me a little bit of Schiava mostly because both are delicious indigenous varieties that dont get as much recognition as they should outside their respective regions. If you havent tried Blaufrankisch I encourage you to, plus its a perfect wine for the fall season!   Wine in the Awesome Austrians series: 2010 Zantho Zweigelt - A perfect wine for Thanksgiving dinner. 2011 Laurenz V. Singing Gruner Veltliner - At this price it just might make you sing! 2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic - A Beauty From Burgenland. 2010 Laurenz V. Charming Gruner Veltliner - Smooth and Steely. 2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt - Fresh From The Garden! 2010 Juris St Laurent Selection - Pinot Noirs deep, dark and savory love child finds a home in Austria.  2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection - Think you know Pinot? Then you need to get to know Austria.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121101"",  ""title"" : ""2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/iby-blaufrankisch-classic-2010-awesome-austrians.html"" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
787,"  100% Moschofilero from Mantinia, Greece.  SRP of $17 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy New Wines of Greece for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""A pleasantly aromatic dry white wine from the mountainous region of Mantinia in southern Greece. Elegant and youthful, with fruity aromas and flavors, this is a wine to drink now. Made entirely from the local grape variety Moschofilero.  12.2% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the Moschofilero grape, a traditional Greek variety that is grown all over Greece and can have characteristics similar to everyones favorite grape of the moment, muscat (moscato). Astute readers will notice that I used similar headline when I reviewed a wine made from Macabeo, another under-appreciated, yet delicious grape variety from Spain. (Bodegas La Purisima Capa Rota Macabeo 2010 - More Macabeo Please.) While these two grapes hail from different regions, they present a similar situation of a simply delicious white variety that you dont find much in the U.S, and thats a shame.  The 2010 Mantinia Tselepos Moschofilero begins with a very nice lightly sweet fruit and floral aroma featuring pear, peach and a little honey. This medium-bodied wine tastes excellent with a good lively acidity and a nice rich mouthfeel. Pear, lemon, lime and grapefruit are the primary flavors when tasting. It ends dry and clean with the fruit turning a bit sour. Overall quite a satisfying wine, but one that also cries out for the right food pairing (fish, lemon chicken, or something along those lines would be excellent.)  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120827"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Mantinia Tselepos Moschofilero"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/mantinia-tselepos-moschofilero-2010.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
788,"   A Fine Choice For Christmas Dinner  100% Pinot Noir from Carneros, Napa Valley (93%) and Russian River Valley (7%), California.   SRP of $27 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""In 1966, Robert Mondavi built his Napa Valley winery with a singular vision: to create wines that stand among the worlds finest. This Pinot Noir reflects the ideal growing conditions of the Carneros region of Southern Napa Valley. Summer fog creates a cooler climate which preserves the grapes natural bright acidity. The longer growing season allows the grapes to slowly ripen, giving them added complexity and structure.  14.5% Alcohol""Los Carneros is a cool climate region that covers parts of Napa and Sonoma counties in California. This area is known for producing world class Pinot Noir and Chardonnay, and as a result has become a center for sparkling wine as well. Todays wine combines this renowned region with a renowned producer in Napa Valley, Robert Mondavi.   The 2010 Robert Mondavi Winery Carneros Napa Valley Pinot Noir begins with a strong, inviting aroma of rich blackberry, raspberry, baking spice, nutmeg and a little vanilla. Were off to a great start! Tasting the wine reveals a soft, velvety texture, lots of delicious dark and red fruit like blueberry and raspberry, a whole lot of cola and a wonderful streak of spice. It ends with more delicious spice and notes of tea and oak. After trying this one initially I sealed it up with the Vacu Vin, put it in the fridge, and then wasnt able to get back to it for a couple days. When I finally did I thought for sure it would be past its prime, but I have to say I think it was even better on Day 3 than on Day 1!  In addition to being a great choice for your Christmas dinner, you may also want consider pairing this wine with the book ""The House of Mondavi: The Rise and Fall of an American Wine Dynasty"". I found it to be a fascinating look into the Mondavi family history. And since were talking Christmas, it would also make a great gift the wine lover in your life!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121218"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Robert Mondavi Winery Carneros Napa Valley Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/robert-mondavi-winery-carneros-napa-valley-pinot-noir.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
789,"   From the small but mighty Margaret River region.   Cabernet Sauvignon from Margaret River, Western Australia.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $17.  From the bottle: ""With over forty years of winemaking experience Ive learnt there are two important elements when it comes to creating great wine. Firstly, the best wines show a true sense of the land -- that ideal combination of grape variety and region. Secondly, they taste even better when shared with friends. I hope you enjoy drinking our ""Signature Series"" wines as much as we enjoyed making them. --Robert Oatley, Founder  Notes From Winemaker Larry Cherubino: A full-flavored yet finely structured wine of great appeal: blackberries, dried leaves and fine gravelly tannin, reflect an outstanding year.   14.0% Alcohol""The Margaret River region in Western Australia may be small (producing just 3% of Australias total grape production) but it is mighty (accounting for 20% of the countrys premium wine market). Cabernet Sauvignon is the clear leader in the area and is followed by several other Bordeaux varieties thanks a similar climate to the famed Bordeaux region. First planted less than 50 years ago, the area has quickly become popular with boutique producers.  The 2010 Robert Oatley Signature Series Margaret River Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a whiff of green on top of black cherry, black currant, dried herbs, a little mint and even a little tobacco. Its a really nice, complex aroma. Id give this wine a couple hours to breathe before tasting as it really develops nicely. It features similar flavors to the nose with dry, grippy tannins and a bit of minerality leading into the long lasting dark berry infused finish. One classy Cabernet!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131029"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Robert Oatley Margaret River Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/robert-oatley-margaret-river-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
790,"   Blackberry, spice and everything nice!  100% Petite Sirah from Red Hills, Lake County, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $17. Sample received courtesy Vigilance Winery for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Having children reaffirmed our dedication to the planet. Thats why our vineyards are sustainably farmed using cover crops and sheep to control the weeds between the rows. Ever vigilant, our watchful sheep dogs stand guard over the flock and the wines, protecting them from harm. It is this same spirit that drives us in our obsession to craft wines that honor and respect the earth. -Clay and Margarita Shannon, Vigilance Vineyards  The sugar at harvest was between 25.0 and 26.5 degrees brix for our Petite Sirah, aged on French and American oak for 18 months. Crafted from the Red Hills of Lake County to create a rich, well balanced wine. Notes of blueberry, blackberry and creamy vanilla. Complex, with excellent layers of aromas and flavor.   14.5% Alcohol""Petite Sirah is one of my favorite varieties but its been awhile since we reviewed one. Its also one of my favorite varieties to pair with chocolate, and thats exactly what we did with the extra dark variety of Brix Bites we reviewed the other day. They were excellent together.  You may also remember Vigilance Winery from one of our recent"
791,"   Is the signature grape of Uruguay set for a breakthrough?   100% Tannat from Canelones, Uruguay.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $17. Only 490 cases produced. Distributed by Epic Wines. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Artesana is an ultra-premium boutique winery located in the acclaimed Canelones region of Uruguay. Tannat (originally from France) is the signature varietal of Uruguay and produces balanced, full-bodied wines with ripe fruit flavors and an exotic, spicy character.  Artesanas unique artisan wines are made from 100% estate-grown grapes and handcrafted by our two exceptional women winemakers. Wines are made in small lots fermented separately, aged for 12 months in the highest quality French and American oak, custom blended, and bottled without fining or filtration. Smooth and well-rounded, the rich palate of this Tannat bottling delivers a complex layering of ripe blackberry, dark chocolate, smoky oak and spice, seamlessly nuanced in a long, generous finish.  15.0% Alcohol""In a story that parallels the rise of Malbec, Tannat is a grape variety that while originally from France is little used there today except as a blend component. It has, however, found new life in South America, and specifically Uruguay. And while you probably havent heard much about Tannat or wine from Uruguay, that is likely about to change.   Not only has Tannat the grape thrived in Uruguay, but the winemakers in the country have embraced it as their signature variety. While the best is likely yet to come, there are some excellent and exciting things happening right now and luckily much of it in our price range! Over the next few weeks well give you a little glimpse into this grape and this country and highlight a few wines to watch for.  So far the Tannat that weve sampled on the site has come from Argentina, and we found a couple excellent examples there:  Coquena Tannat 2011 - Not For The Faint of Heart Hermanos Malbec Tannat 2011 - Malbec With A Deep, Dark And Delicious Twist Today we go to Canelones, Uruguay, in the hills north of the capital Montevideo where the majority of the countrys wineries are found. With a climate similar to Bordeaux and a cooling breeze off the Atlantic, conditions are prime for growing grapes.   The 2011 Artesana Tannat begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring dark fruit, dark chocolate, floral notes and dried herbs. The wine tastes like the name seems to suggest -- quite tannic, but I like it. Theres more dark fruit and dark chocolate plus a little licorice and some savory herbs. Tarry, black tea notes come to the front on the long, dry finish along with a hint of raisiny fruit underneath. Quite nice for lovers of big, tannin-driven wines.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130910"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Artesana Tannat"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/artesana-tannat-uruguay.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
792,"   Loaded with tons of tasty tangerine.   Pinot Blanc from Alsace, France.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Petito Split Rock Vineyard Pinot Noir 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   SRP of $17 and available at that price. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Wineberry.   From the bottle: ""Sourced from limestone laden vineyards, this complex, refreshing wine suggests flavors of nectarine and peach. Enjoy it with meat, fish or simply on its own.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Domaine Jean Ginglinger Pinot Blanc Cuvée George begins with lovely, complex and elegant aromas of tangerine and lime plus cloves and hints of other baking spice. Tasting reveals lots more tangerine along with more delicious fruit like peaches, green apple and lime. This wine has great acidity and a wonderful, smooth mouthfeel. Those hints of baking spice from the nose also continue and a bit of spicy minerality leads into the long, elegant finish. Another excellent wine from Alsace!  Also check out our review of the 2011 Trimbach Pinot Blanc - A Summertime Superstar and see all of our recommended wines from Alsace here!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140911"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Domaine Jean Ginglinger Pinot Blanc Cuvée George"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/domaine-jean-ginglinger-pinot-blanc-cuvee-george.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
793,"   Beautifully balanced.   40% Pinot Blanc and 60% Pinot Auxerrois from Alsace, France. Read on for the review and to find out why this wine can be labeled as a single varietal Pinot Blanc.  SRP of $19 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review. 25,000 bottles produced. Imported by Michael Skurnik Wines.  From the bottle: ""Light, fresh and dry wine.  12.0% Alcohol""Today we have another really excellent white wine from Alsace, but before we get to that how is it that a wine that consists of 60% Pinot Auxerrois is labeled as a single variety Pinot Blanc? Typically a single variety must make up 75% of the blend to be labeled as such. These rules vary by country however and in Alsace we find: The relationship between Auxerrois and Pinot Blanc is interesting as the former is allowed to be anonymously used in varietal Pinot Blanc wines. In fact, it is legal under AOC Alsace conditions for a 100% Auxerrois wine to be labeled as Pinot Blanc.Its especially interesting since the two varieties are not extremely similar, but they do complement each other very nicely. Given this youd think youd want to know if youre Pinot Blanc is actually 100% Pinot Auxerrois but perhaps all the wine so good they just dont care!  The 2011 Domaine Mittnacht Freres Pinot Blanc Terres dEtoiles begins with a very nice aroma consisting of apples, pears, quince and a bit of a spicy undertone. The wine tastes sublime. Theres nothing over the top here but it all just works. Apple, pear, spicy mineral notes and ginger combine with a nice thick texture and viscosity and great balance to create an absolutely delicious wine. The spicy streak culminates on the finish leaving you with apple infused mineral notes that linger nicely. Gorgeous!  Want more reviews of wines from Alsace? Check out some of our favorites! Pinot Gris From Alsace - Pinot Grigio That Tastes Good. Paul Blanck Pinot Blanc dAlsace 2011 - The Magic Continues. Trimbach Riesling 2010 - A Beautiful Dry Riesling. BULK BUY!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131102"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Domaine Mittnacht Freres Pinot Blanc Terres dEtoiles"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/domaine-mittnacht-freres-pinot-blanc.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
794,"   The 2011 Waterstone Carneros Pinot Noir and the 2012 Waterstone Carneros Chardonnay.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Milbrandt Vineyards Traditions Riesling 2013 for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Today weve got two wines from Waterstone Winery in Carneros, an area much celebrated for Pinot Noir and Chardonnay. This cool and windy area actually lies partially in Napa Valley and partially in Sonoma right at the foothills of the Mayacamas and Sonoma mountain ranges.    First up is the 2011 Waterstone Carneros Pinot Noir which is 100% Pinot Noir from Carneros, Napa Valley, California. The wine spent 16 months in French oak (35% new) and 868 cases were produced. It has an SRP of $22 and is available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Complex layers of plum, cherry, cola and cocoa provide a solid base to this elegant Pinot Noir. Nicely integrated oak lends vanilla and spice notes to the wines long finish.  13.7% Alcohol""The 2011 Waterstone Carneros Pinot Noir begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, cola, oak and plum. Those same flavors continue when tasting this medium-bodied wine. Add to that great balance and a smooth and soft mouthfeel and youve got one very tasty wine that hits all the right Pinot Noir notes. A bit of vanilla, leather and oak lead into the dry finish which also features hints of smoky tobacco.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Next is the 2012 Waterstone Carneros Chardonnay which is 100% Chardonnay from Carneros, Napa Valley, California. The wine spent 6 months in 50% new French oak and 30% of the wine underwent malolactic fermentation. 2,342 cases were produced. It has an SRP of $18 and is available for as low as $16. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This richly composes Chardonnay has bright citrus, pear and pineapple fruit in perfect balance. Nicely integrated oak lends sweet vanilla notes to this wines long finish.  14% Alcohol""Smelling the 2012 Waterstone Carneros Chardonnay reveals excellent notes of citrus and tangerine tinged with vanilla. Tasting shows lots of delicious fruit (primarily citrus, green apple, pear and a touch of tropical fruit) wrapped up in a bright, lively acidity. Some oaky notes come out mid-palate but they never detract or overwhelm. The very long finish features a bit of toasty oak along with hints of butter and vanilla under the continuing fruit. Overall this is a very solid, well-balanced Chardonnay with just a hint of butter that adds a bit of complexity but still lets the fruit shine through.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
795,"   Thanks to Naked Wines.   Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $35 and available to Naked Wines Angels for as low as $16.49. New sign-ups get $100 in free wine using the coupon below. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""As your chief winemaker at NakedWines.com, every single day, I see spectacular vineyards and wines that I want to work with -- to make, blend and bottle.  Thanks to all of my Angels for making it possible!  14.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Matt Parish Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry, plum, a little smoke, some oak, a hint of vanilla and even a touch of cinnamon. Tasting this well structured wine reveals an excellent smooth texture and loads of delicious juicy dark fruit. Those vanilla and cinnamon notes from the nose continue as well along with some nice touches of dried herbs. It needs some time in the glass to really show its best, which also likely means that it has plenty of life left in the bottle if you want to cellar it for a few years. It ends dry with long lasting dark juicy fruit and oak notes. This should make a great match for a burger.   Check out all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141115"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Matt Parish Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/11/matt-parish-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };     This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
796,"   Easy to drink and delicious!   100% Tannat from Juanico, Canelones, Uruguay.  SRP of $17 and available at that price. Sample submitted for review. Imported by TasteVino Selections.  From the bottle: ""Close to the sea with the adoring presence of the sun, our grapes are grown to offer the people the fruits of the earth turned to art by man.  Appearance: Deep garnet.  Nose: Notes of fig jam, liverwort, black licorice and inkwell.  Palate: Sweet tannins, intense attack of blueberry and plum leading you to a opulent and powerful finish.  Food Pairings: This wine makes a natural pairing with barbecued meats, stews and hard cheeses.  Serving Temperature: 16-18C (61-65F)  12.6% Alcohol""Once again, its time for Tannat Tuesday! If youre just joining us for this series I recommend you check out the first two installments here: Artesana Tannat 2011 - Is the signature grape of Uruguay set for a breakthrough? Pueblo del Sol Tannat 2010 - Ten Dollar Tannat! Today we go back to the winery from our last review, but this time were checking out their Reserva wine, which interestingly actually comes from a more recent vintage.   The 2012 Pueblo del Sol Reserva Tannat begins with pleasant aromas of black raspberry, grape, fig and licorice. Tasting the wine reveals lots of grape jam that is balanced by firm tannins, licorice and a little oaky spice. Youll also find notes of sweet blackberry and blueberry in this easy to drink, delicious, medium-bodied wine. It ends with good length and lots of lingering sweet berry flavors. I also found it refreshing that the alcohol level is only 12.6%. It does indeed get a higher taste rating than the non-reserva version but it also costs more, so in the end the overall rating is about the same. It would be hard to go wrong with either one, I say!  Purchase this wine from TasteVino here.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Highly Recommended PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131001"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Pueblo del Sol Reserva Tannat"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/pueblo-del-sol-reserva-tannat.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
797,"   An Alexander and Dry Creek valleys classic.   87% Zinfandel, 9% Petite Sirah, 2% Carignane and 2% Syrah from Alexander Valley and Dry Creek Valley, Sonoma, California.  SRP of $24 and available for as low as $17 and at Costco. Around 75,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Begun in 1895 by our great grandfather, Edoardo Seghesio, Seghesio Family Vineyards is a collection of sustainably farmed estate vineyards in Sonoma County, hand-tended by our family for four generations.  14.8% Alcohol""Todays wine comes Seghesio Family Vineyards, who we recently visited and covered in our Delighting in the Dry Creek Valley recap. As we noted there, the winery has become virtually synonymous with Sonoma County Zinfandel -- a full 75% of their 100,000 case production comes from this one wine! Lets see what all the hype is about, shall we?  The 2012 Seghesio Family Vineyards Sonoma County Zinfandel begins with a tantalizing aroma of black cherry, raspberry, dried herbs, spice and even a bit of smoked meat. When tasting dont judge this wine too hastily as it needs a good amount of air to show its best. After some time to breathe youll find a smooth and a bit brambly wine full of black cherry and black raspberry fruit plus some lovely spice notes. This medium-bodied Zin also features nice touches of vanilla, chocolate and wonderful dusty tannins that lead into the long, dry finish. Consistently good from vintage to vintage, this is a cant miss crowd-pleaser.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140109"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Seghesio Sonoma Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/seghesio-family-vineyards-sonoma-county-zinfandel.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!  NEW - Follow us on Instagram too!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
798,"   Two fine examples of wine from Virginia.   Wine has been made in Virginia for over 200 years, dating all the way back to the time of one of our nations greatest wine lovers - Thomas Jefferson -- who planted some of the states first European vines.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Tenuta Di Arceno Strada al Sasso Chianti Classico Riserva 2007 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Unfortunately, this attempt by Jefferson was unsuccessful and while wine was made in the intervening years, its only been recently that the states wine industry has undergone a revolution with a huge improvement in the quality of the wines being made. As a result there are now over 200 wineries in the state.   With vineyard land expensive to buy and develop these wineries tend to be quite small, in fact the total output of all Virginia wineries combined is not even to the level of one large winery in California. These small economies of scale make it hard to keep prices low but Reverse Wine Snobs shouldnt write off Virginia -- theres excellent wine being made here right around $20. Today we have two selections for you, one under $20 and one slightly above, both from Stinson Vineyards, a small family owned winery.     2012 Stinson Vineyards  Monticello Rosé First up is the 2012 Stinson Vineyards Monticello Rosé which is 100% Mourvèdre from Monticello, Virginia. It has an SRP of $17 and is available at that price. 220 cases produced, sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The 2012 Rosé is a crisp and refreshing Southern France style rosé. Fresh and fruity with a hint of smoke on the finish, it is the perfect summer alternative to sauvignon blanc. Pairs well year round with seafood, poultry and light Mediterranean fare.  Stinson Vineyards is a family run boutique vineyard located at the scenic foothills of Virginias Blue Ridge Mountains. Our garage winery combines modern architecture and equipment with traditional winemaking techniques.  13% Alcohol""The 2012 Stinson Vineyards Monticello Rosé begins with classic rosé aromas of strawberry and sea salt along with a bit of an earthy and smoky note. The winery stated they were aiming for Southern France style of rosé and they hit the mark. Tasting reveals a crisp and lively wine loaded with fresh fruit -- mainly watermelon, strawberry and cranberry. It ends with a little white pepper and spicy minerality on the long finish where a bit of that smokiness from the nose returns. Very nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy    2012 Stinson Vineyards  Cabernet Franc  Next up is the 2012 Stinson Vineyards Cabernet Franc, which is comprised of 80% Cabernet Franc, 10% Merlot and 10% Petit Verdot primarily from Benevino Vineyards, Shenandoah Valley, Virginia. It has an SRP of $23 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). 100 cases produced, sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The 2012 Cabernet Franc is medium-bodied with soft tannins and complex flavors of black cherry, peppercorn, and tobacco. Whole berry fermented and aged in French oak. Pairs perfectly with steak and stews.  Stinson Vineyards is a family run boutique vineyard located at the scenic foothills of Virginias Blue Ridge Mountains. Our garage winery combines modern architecture and equipment with traditional winemaking techniques.  12.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Stinson Vineyards Cabernet Franc begins with aromas of plum, blackberry, a touch of cranberry, a little spice and a hint of green pepper. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals lots of savory dark fruit and lots of spice. A touch of the green pepper note from the nose also carries over. Soft but firm tannins lead into the dry, medium-long finish. At its best after a good decant, this is quite a tasty wine!  Only available direct through the winery.  Saturday Splurge  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
799," Holiday Sparklers 2012    Dont tell the French but theres plenty of good sparkling wine not called Champagne -- and its much cheaper than Champagne too! Zut alors!  40% Chardonnay, 30% Macabeo, 20% Parellada and 10% Pinot Noir from Penedes, Spain.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Elyssia, meaning state of perfect harmony, offers this Gran Cuvee which brings the idea of symmetry alive with its combination of traditional Macabeo and Parellada cava grapes with international favourites Chardonnay and Pinot Noir. The result is a wonderful bouquet of roasted nuts, citrus fruit and honey. This complexity carries through to the palate, delivering a brilliant kaleidoscope of fruit flavors followed by a crisp, elegant finish with a hint of spice.  Sparkling Wine - Fermented In This Bottle  11.5% Alcohol""As we discussed in our last Holiday Sparkler review, the excellent Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava, there are many sparkling wines made in the traditional method of Champagne, they just cant be called Champagne because they arent FROM Champagne. (One of the problems when you name a style of wine after a region.) And while this was also true of our last Cava, todays wine ups the ante a bit as it includes a good portion of Chardonnay and Pinot Noir, two of the three primary grapes allowed in Champagne. Its not all Spain trying to imitate France though as this one also contains a good portion of the two traditional Spanish grapes Macabeo and Parellada as well.  You might also remember that we thoroughly enjoyed the Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé from this same line in last years series. Lets find out if the Brut fares as well.  The Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut begins with nice, dusty aromas of yeast, almond and other toasty nuts, apple, lemon/lime and nectarines. Very intriguing! The wine tastes delicious with lots of apple, pear and ginger plus good acidity and nice bubbles. Maybe not quite as intriguing as the bouquet but still a really nice sparkler with a bit of complexity. The finish is dry and long-lasting with floral notes lingering for a long time and a bit of grapefruit and fresh baked bread to go along with the appple, pear and ginger. Quite tasty no matter what you call it!  Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut - Holiday Sparklers 2012 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava  Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler  Also check out the 12 recommended sparkling wines from last years series!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121213"",  ""title"" : ""Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/freixenet-elyssia-gran-cuvee-brut.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
800," The best Sparkling Wines under $20 for the Holidays!    Available in two sizes, big bubbles and baby bubbles.  A blend of Chardonnay, Chenin Blanc, Ugni Blanc and Colombard sparkling wine from France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $17. (SRP of $7 for the 187ml bottle.) Sample received for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Embrace Life. Dream Big. Accept all Invitations.  With aromas of apples, honey and toasted brioche. Smooth and versatile. Crisp and refreshing. Great for pairing with a variety of foods. A courtship of delicate flavors and baby bubbles.  11.5% Alcohol""Last year over the holidays one of the most popular series here at The Reverse Wine Snob was our series on the best sparkling wines under $20, entitled ""Holiday Sparklers"". In that series we covered over a dozen great sparkling wines (both white and rosé) perfect for your holiday table.   This year were back with even more great sparkling wine! Sparkling wine is a wonderful choice for holiday parties, Thanksgiving and Christmas dinner, and, of course, New Years for a whole lot of reasons. Lets tick off just a few: Its festive! Nothing says celebration like bubbles. Sparkling wines are extremely food friendly. Their effervescent nature allows them to pair wonderfully with even the richest of foods. There are plenty of excellent options under $20. They come in lots of different varieties -- from Prosecco, to Chardonnay based bubbles, to Rosé made from Pinot Noir, to blends, etc. there is an endless variety to choose from in this category. Over the next few weeks well be profiling a number of our favorite sparkling wines -- and dont forget to check out all of last years wines here!   Today we go to France for a sparkler that is a blend of four different varieties. Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut begins with aromas of apple, lemon, honeysuckle and a little yeast. The wine tastes crisp with good acidity and is not too sweet. In the mouth, theres more apple and lemon and lots of bubbles in this food friendly wine. The finish features some toasty bread notes and has good length. Quite nice to drink, this sparkler is sure to be a crowd pleaser...plus the 187ml baby bottles will add a fun twist to any party!  Other wines in the Holiday Sparklers 2012 series: 90 Plus Cellars Lot 49 Sparkling Rosé - Beautiful (Pink) Bubbles. Douglas Green The Beach House Sparkling Wine - A Sweet and Fruity Holiday Sparkler. Vovetti Prosecco - A Popular Italian Sparkler Segura Viudas Reserva Heredad Cava - A Holiday Sparkler Sure To Impress Freixenet Elyssia Gran Cuvee Brut - Champagne By Another Name Cantine Maschio Prosecco Brut - Nutty, Fruity and Good. Holiday Sparklers 2012. Enza Prosecco - A Festive Holiday Sparkler! Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava  Angove Zibibbo Sparkling Pink Moscato - A Super Sweet Holiday Sparkler  Also check out the 12 recommended sparkling wines from last years series!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121107"",  ""title"" : ""Le Grand Courtage Blanc De Blancs Brut"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/le-grand-courtage-blanc-de-blancs-brut.html"" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
801,"  80% Pinot Auxerrois, 10% Pinot Blanc and 10% Chardonnay sparkling wine from France.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $16. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Albrecht Cremant is made by the strictest ""methode traditionelle"" and we consider it one of the great specialties of our house. It is a Blanc de Blancs made from 100% Pinot Blanc. Our Blanc de Blancs is distinguished by a fine and elegant bead, a beautiful straw color, a light, delicate palate. It is delicious at any time of the day and with many foods.  Maison Lucien Albrecht was founded in 1425 in Alsace and settled in Orschwihr in 1698. Today, our winery remains family-owned and managed. Our estate includes some of the most prestigious Alsace terroirs in the Grand Cru Pfingstberg and several superb monopoles including the famous Clos de Récollets. In our vineyards we emphasize a harmony with nature and, in our cellars minimal intervention in order to produce, in each vintage, hand-crafted wines that represent our terroir and family heritage.  12.0% Alcohol""The Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut begins with aromas of green apple, citrus, fresh baked bread and a little bit of almond. The wine tastes crisp and creamy with apple and citrus flavors plus some Bit-O-Honey. This sparkler also has good acidity and bubbles. The dry finish is a bit on the short side. Overall a fine sparkling wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111212"",  ""title"" : ""Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
802,"   Now this is a kitchen sink blend!   A blend of 2009 Cabernet Sauvignon, 2009 Sangiovese, 2009 Barbera, 2010 Syrah, 2008 Merlot and 2007 Merlot from Napa Valley, California.   SRP of $20 and available for as low as $17. Sample submitted for review. 1,200 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""Michaels Red offers deep flavors of black cherries, plums, cocoa and sweet vanilla oak wrapped in firm tannins. A few minutes in the glass shows this release at its best, but patient wine lovers will enjoy additional complexity from another 12-24 months of bottle aging. It also welcomes our brother Michael into our 5th generation family of vintners. -- Natalie, Anthony, Paul and Anne Scotto  13.9% Alcohol""This is a fascinating blend -- fascinating because its not often that you see not only multiple varieties, but also multiple vintages within a blend. Todays wine is the first Napa Valley release from Scotto Cellars, a 5th generation wine company started in 1883 that produces a number of different labels in Lodi and Amador County and also recently acquired facilities in Napa Valley.  The Scotto Cellars NAPA by N.A.P.A. Michaels Red Napa Valley Red Table Wine begins with pleasant aromas of cherry, black cherry, licorice, cedar and leather. The wine is quite tasty with similar flavors to the nose plus a nice amount of spice and some brown sugar and molasses. It ends dry with lingering caramel flavors. Its hard to say what the different vintages add, but it certainly works when it is all put together.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. This one has also been spotted at World Market.  Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131024"",  ""title"" : ""NAPA by N.A.P.A. Michaels Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/10/napa-michaels-red.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
803," Find all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here and all of our Wine Club Reviews here!     Easy to drink and even easier on your wallet!  100% Tempranillo from Valencia, Spain.  Available for $12 at NakedWines.com. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Castillo Catadau 2005 displays fruit aromas from its selected ripe Tempranillo grapes. The tannins are soft, the fruit is sweet, and round in the mouth.  The wine is a special project between winemaker Jorge Caus and Nakedwines Angels using 100% Tempranillo grapes.  Thank you for helping make this wine possible through your support. I hope you enjoy drinking it as much as I have enjoyed making it. Cheers!  14.2% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from NakedWines.com, a relatively new venture here in the U.S. (after starting in the U.K.) with an intriguing business model. Essentially Naked Wines lets consumers invest directly in winemakers, cutting out the middleman and allowing the wineries to produce wine more inexpensively, passing on a portion of the savings to  Naked Wines investors, or ""Angels"". You can read more about this rather remarkable business model here. Well be trying a few more of their wines in the future, but lets see just how todays wine measures up.   The 2005 Castillo Catadau Gran Reserva Tempranillo begins with a mellow, understated aroma of ripe berry, vanilla and caramel. The aroma builds quite nicely after a few hours in the glass, so you might want to decant this one before drinking. The wine tastes simple, fruity and good featuring dark berry fruit, smooth soft tannins and a nice spicy note that runs all the way through to the finish. This medium-bodied wine just gets better the more air it gets and was at its best on day 2. It ends dry with nice spice and good length.    If youd like to try NakedWines.com for yourself, we have a special affiliate link for you that will get you $100 off a purchase of $160. Check it out below!   Check out all of our NakedWines.com recommendations here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130116"",  ""title"" : ""2005 Castillo Catadau Gran Reserva Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/castillo-catadau-gran-reserva-tempranillo.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
804,"  90% Tempranillo, 3% Grenache, 3% Graciano and 3% Mazuelo from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Rioja Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Viña Real Crianza is produced from a selection of Tempranillo grapes, hand harvested from vineyards located in the villages of Languardia and Elciego (Alava). It ages for 12 months in French and American oak casks and rests some months in the bottle before being released.  13.5% Alcohol""Rioja wines can be classified into four categories: Young wines: Wines in their first or second year. Crianza wines: Wines which are at least in their third year, having spent a minimum of one year in casks and a few months in the bottle. For white wines, the minimum cask ageing period is 6 months. Reserva wines: Selected wines of the best vintages that have been aged for a minimum of 3 years, with at least one year in casks. For white wines, the minimum ageing period is 2 years, with at least 6 months in casks. Gran Reserva wines: Selected wines from exceptional vintages which have spent at least 2 years in oak casks and 3 years in the bottle. For white wines, the minimum ageing period is 4 years, with at least one year in casks.  Todays wine, the 2007 C.V.N.E. Viña Real Plata Rioja Red Wine is a Crianza which means it is in at least its third year and in this case it spent 12 to 14 months in American oak casks. All that is rather irrelevant if the wine doesnt taste good, but there are no worries about that here. The Viña Real begins with aromas of black cherry, plum, raspberry, violet and a little vanilla. This is a medium to medium-light bodied wine that delivers a rich and fruity flavor. There is just a little spice coming through on the finish. We found this wine to improve with a little air so give it some time to breathe before drinking.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111109"",  ""title"" : ""Viña Real Plata Crianza Rioja Red Wine 2007"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Journey Through Rioja Series 2010 Dinastía Vivanco Rioja White Blend 2009 Palacios Remondo La Vendimia 2007 Viña Real Plata Crianza Rioja Red Wine 2010 Bodegas El Coto Rioja Rosado 2005 Federico Paternina Banda Roja Reserva 2006 Bodegas Beronia Rioja Reserva   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
805,"  45% Syrah, 30% Mourvèdre, 15% Carignan and 10% Grenache from Côtes du Roussillon, France.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $11. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This delicious red wine is blended from low-yielding grapes grown in our exceptional vineyards in the foothills of the French Pyrénées. Our terroir is dominated by ancient river bed soils and mountainous black slate soils that produce dark red, dry, rich wines with firm structure. At the Château de Jau, we serve this wine with a mixed grill of lamb and sausage.  13.0% Alcohol""Côtes du Roussillon is a small appellation in Southern France, right next to Spain. Wine has been produced here for centuries. Todays wine comes from Côtes du Roussillon Villages, which is the northernmost part of the appellation at the foothills of the Pyrenees. The wines are generally considered better than the rest of the appellation since the grapes are mostly grown on the slopes of the mountain.   The 2008 Château de Jau Côtes du Roussillon Villages begins with aromas of plum, blackberry, lavender, spice and a little vanilla. This wine needs a little time to open up, but when it does it is quite nice. Tasting the wine shows good tannins and acidity plus some pleasant spice. Im guessing they dont eat a lot of cheeseburgers in Côtes du Roussillon but theyve made a wine that would pair nicely with that meal. The wine ends with a tasty, slightly sweet finish. Overall a pretty good weekday wine that will pair with lots of different grub. This one held up just fine on day 2 as well.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120321"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Château de Jau Côtes du Roussillon Villages"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
806,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon. SRP of $17, but available for as low as $12.   Sample received courtesy The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle:""42% Mendocino County - 40% Lake County - 18% Napa County  Hess Select Cabernet Sauvignon is sourced exclusively from family-owned and sustainably-farmed vineyards in the Northern California appellations: Mendocino, Lake and Napa Counties. Our winemaker selected grapes from areas that specialize in Cabernet Sauvignon to create a wine with notable richness, intensity and varietal character. Mendocino County contributes spice and mid-palate, Lake County adds the classic red fruit profile of Bing cherry, while Napa maintains our signature style of a structured wine with black fruit and cassis flavors.  13.5% Alcohol""After having previously reviewed the 2009 Hess Select Chardonnay and enjoying it, I was excited to try another Hess Select wine. In fact, I liked the Chardonnay so much that it came in second place in The Chardonnay Showdown! And once again, Hess Select did not disappoint.  The 2008 Hess Select Cabernet Sauvignon starts with aromas of plum, ripe fruit, black cherry, spice, and a little smoke. The wine tastes of plum and some vanilla with a lot of oak and soft tannins. It has a spicy finish that lingers. This is a great wine to have on hand to pair with red meat, BBQ, and even with a pizza. We found the wine to be a little smoother on day 2 but it may have lost a little spice too.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110808"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Hess Select Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
807,"  96% Petite Sirah and 4% Zinfandel. Sample received courtesy Pedroncelli for review purposes. Suggested retail price of $15, but if you can find a retailer near you that carries it, you should be able to grab it for as low as $12.  From the bottle: Only hand picked grapes from the Dry Creek Valley are used for this wine. Our Petite Sirah offers aromas and flavors of spicy black pepper, ripe blackberry and black cherry. This is a full-bodied wine with firm tannins. Our family has lived and tended vines in Dry Creek Valley, northern Sonoma County, since 1927. Were proud of our heritage and proudly offer this Petite Sirah as a complement to your favorite meal. The Pedroncelli Family 13.8% AlcoholOK, so I raided the kids leftover Easter candy while drinking this one, and it was quite good with chocolate bunnies! The 2008 Pedroncelli Petite Sirah shows a very dark purple in the glass. The nose exhibits aromas of blackberry, pepper and a bit of chocolate and cinnamon. The wine tastes of blackberry or even black cherry cola but is not overly sweet. It has some spicy pepper and prominent but smooth tannins. A nice medium length finish. This one shows good complexity and structure.   Im a big fan of some spice in my wine, and this one delivers a nice amount. This wine was aged 16 months in American and French oak barrels, but it doesnt overpower the wine at all. It showed a little better on day 1 than day 2. Definitely a Petite Sirah to check out!  UPDATE 5/3: Busted! :)    See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110502"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Pedroncelli Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
808," An intriguing red blend of five varieties from Australias most famous wine region.  46% Shiraz, 20% Mourvèdre, 15% Grenache, 17% Tempranillo and 2% Carignane. SRP of $17, but can be found as low as $11.99. Sample received courtesy The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Layers is an exciting blend of complementary red wine varieties which produce a richly flavoured wine that is intriguingly simple, yet beautifully complex. Grown throughout Australias famous Barossa Valley, the highly rated 2008 vintage has an excellent structure and shows layers of rich ripe dark forest fruit flavours and a long luscious finish. Layers is particularly suited to highly flavoursome foods such as hearty casseroles and spicy lamb sausages. A highly versatile wine to grace any table or any occasion. 14.5% Alcohol.""The 2008 Peter Lehmann Layers Barossa red wine exhibits aromas of plum, brown sugar and ripe, dark fruit. It tastes of plum and dark berry flavor but is not as fruity as I was expecting. This is a smooth wine with a bit of a graphite/flinty quality to it. It ends with a medium length finish with a little spice. It really opened up nicely with some air and was even better on day 2.   Just as the label says, this is a wine that at first seems quite simple, but really has a lot of different layers to it, which I found quite intriguing -- the more you drink, the more you think. Its not everyday that you find a wine with a blend of 5 different grapes, especially these five, so its worth a try based on that alone, but it actually tastes quite nice too!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110616"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Peter Lehmann Layers Barossa Red"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
809,"   An easy to drink wine with wide appeal.   97% Shiraz and 3% Viognier from Eden Valley, Barossa, South Australia.  SRP of $20 and available for as low as $12.  From the bottle: ""Rich, generous Shiraz from Eden Valley is co-fermented with 3% Viognier - The subtle, aromatic and exotic grape variety that enhances the colour and adds elegance and finesse. Bright and youthful, this is a deliciously spicy, silky and savoury wine. A Barossa stalwart with an alluring twist.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2008 Yalumba Eden Valley Shiraz Viognier begins with aromas of cherry, blackberry, violets as well as hints of menthol, pepper, vanilla, leather and even a little chocolate. This one offers quite a complex aroma under the initial fruit and floral component. Tasting this smooth, medium-bodied wine reveals nice blackberry flavor followed by a bit of peach, likely from the Viognier. Theres also a nice streak of spice that lasts all the way through to the finish. An easy to drink wine that should have wide appeal.   For a less expensive version of this wine plus more information on this style of wine, check out the Yalumba The Y Series Shiraz Viognier 2010 - Youll Like It.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130513"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Yalumba Eden Valley Shiraz Viognier"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/yalumba-eden-valley-shiraz-viognier.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
810,"  70% Merlot and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon from France.  SRP of $14 but available for As low as $10. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Bordeaux Red Wine 70% Merlot, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon  A judicious blend of traditional Bordeaux varietals give complexity and character to this delicious claret.  13.0% Alcohol""2009 Barons de Rothschild (Lafite) Bordeaux Contrôlée Réserve Spéciale. Thats quite a name, but here at The Reverse Wine Snob we try to only judge wines based on how they taste. So what did we think of this wine? Read on...   On the nose there is a whole lot of blackberry plus some spice and licorice aromas. When tasting you are hit with juicy blackberry and black currant flavors followed by nice mild tannins on the short finish. This is a medium-bodied, jammy wine that will appeal to people who like a lot of fruit flavor in their glass. And while this fruit forward wine might not be very complex, it is quite easy to drink.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111017"",  ""title"" : ""Barons de Rothschild Lafite Bordeaux Contrôlée Réserve Spéciale 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
811,"   From the land of Don Quixote and Manchego cheese.   A blend of Tempranillo, Garnacha Tintorera and Monastrell from Castilla-La Mancha, Spain.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $11. While this wine is certainly available in the U.S., it looks to be even more widely available in Canada -- and under $20 to boot! Sample submitted for review. (There is also a black label version for some markets, but it is the same wine.)  From the bottle: ""Our Reserva is made from Tempranillo, Monastrell and Garnacha grapes. The wine was aged for 12 months in oak barrels before bottling, then given further time in our cellars before release.  The result is a mature wine with rich aromas and flavours that is perfect for drinking today. Enjoy it with roasted meats, baked pasta dishes or your favorite grilled foods.  14.0% Alcohol""Castilla-La Mancha, best known for Don Quixote and Manchego cheese, was for a long time synonymous with cheap bulk wine. And we mean bulk -- this area grows over half of all the grapes produced in Spain. However, in the last 20-30 years the quality of many wines in the area have increased dramatically, and today it can be a nice value spot.  Tempranillo and Garnacha are the undisputed kings of red grapes in Spain. Monastrell, while not nearly as popular as the big two, is widely grown in some areas and is of course well known worldwide as Mourvedre. Todays wine is unusual in that it combines all three into one wine.   The 2009 Bodegas Piqueras Castillo de Almansa Reserva begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, vanilla, peppery spice, cedar and violets. Tasting reveals dark fruit, oak and cola in this smooth and tasty wine, which features a slightly chewy texture. The wine gets better as it has more air and is probably still a bit young. It ends dry with lingering notes of rich fruit and a hint of vanilla under the oaky spice.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130916"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Bodegas Piqueras Castillo de Almansa Reserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/bodegas-piqueras-castillo-de-almansa-reserva.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
812,"  78% Cabernet Sauvignon, 21% Merlot and 1% Zinfandel from Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $11. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""We made this wine with Cabernet grapes from Paso Robles in San Luis Obispo County, where a long, dry growing season and substantial fluctuations in day-to-night temperatures translate to intense flavors on the vine. The result is a wine with abundant dark jam flavors and a touch of caramel.  13.5% Alcohol""Paso Robles, ""The Pass of the Oaks"", is one of the more popular Central Coast growing regions in California currently, but it is by no means new. In fact, winemaking started here in the 1790s with the Franciscan Friars. Today the area grows over 40 different varieties, but it may be best known for its Cabernet Sauvignon.   The 2009 Bridlewood Estate Winery Paso Robles Cabernet Sauvignon begins with aromas of blackberry, spice and cedar. The wine tastes of jammy fruit, molasses and mocha and has very light tannins. The finish is dry and slightly sweet. Overall a simple and easy to drink red wine that will please a lot of different palates.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120328"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Bridlewood Paso Robles Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
813,"   Featuring juicy fruit and dark chocolate.   100% Tempranillo from Rioja Alavesa, Spain.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""For almost half a century, Bodegas y Viñedos Labastida have been putting their extensive knowledge and experience into making quality wines. They continue this tradition, while also staying on top of the latest advances in viniﬁcation.  Established in 1964 by a group of local vine growers, the cooperative has currently 152 members. All of them apply their experience and know-how to obtain the best quality wines from their 1,330 acres of own vineyards planted with vines which are over 25 years old. With such immense terrain, it is one of the largest wineries in the La Rioja to control their production from the vine to the bottle. Nestled between the Sierra Cantabria mountains and the river Ebro, the climatic conditions of the winery’s surroundings are unique in Rioja, offering their vine growers the best conditions for cultivating high-quality grapes.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Rioja Alavesa which is one of the three wine growing regions in Rioja and lies in the Basque Country of Spain which is an autonomous community in Northern Spain. It is similar to the autonomous community of Navarra in that each area has their own government and definitely their own culture. Luckily for us, that culture includes delicious wine.  The 2009 Castillo Labastida Crianza begins with nice, intriguing aromas of dark fruit plus a little dark chocolate. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals lots of juicy red berry fruit, a little licorice and spice, but mostly just lots of tasty juicy fruit. The spice is more pronounced and a bit oaky on the finish which also shows a bit of heat and a touch of chocolate and vanilla. A bargain from Basque Country!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130729"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Castillo Labastida Crianza"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/castillo-labastida-crianza.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
814,"  Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $13 and should be available for around $12. Current availability is primarily limited to restaurants. Sample received courtesy WineSource International for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Chakras are said to be ""force centers"" of energy, and considered to be the focal points for receiving and transmitting energy, while Chacras in Spanish translates as a traditional vineyard in the Andes.  The Alonso families, founders of Bodega Cruz de Piedra, tend to their Chacras with the stunning vista of the snow-covered Andes in the vineyards background. The natural Chakras of this wine are intense heat in the vineyards and the snow on the Andes that becomes the precious water flow to feed the vines root systems, some as old as thirty five years.  This 2009 Malbec Reserva is a stunning representation of those energy forces from the Mendoza vineyards with the bright and intense red violet color, aromas of red fruits, vanilla and delicate hints of oak.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is a new label from Bodegas Cruz de Piedra vineyard in Mendoza. Im always a little wary of all these new labels popping up, especially in a variety as popular as Malbec is right now, but there are no worries here. Bodegas Crus de Piedra has quite a history in Argentina and is one of the pioneers of single varietal wines in the country. In other words, this is no fly by night operation trying to capitalize on current trends. And this shows in the wine.  The 2009 Chakras Reserva Malbec begins with aromas of strawberry, raspberry, black cherry, vanilla and a little cedar. Tasting the wine shows a good silky texture and flavors of plum and sour black cherry along with some oaky tannins. The finish is long and dry and features some nice spice. Just a really good, solid Malbec. Its hard to go wrong with this one. It held up just fine on day 2 and it may have even been a little better so dont be afraid to give it some time to breathe.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120517"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Chakras Reserva Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
815,"  50% Tempranillo, 50% Garnacha from Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $12 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Rioja Wine for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""La Vendimia, which signifies the harvest, represents the quality potential of Spanish jovens, or wines that have been aged for less than six month in oak barrels. Made by the famed Spanish winemaker, Alvaro Palacios (whose father founded the Palacios Remondo winery), La Vendimia is a blend of Spains two original star varieties, Tempranillo and Garnacha. Meant to drink now through the next four years, this consumer-friendly wine can be served slightly chilled and is the perfect accompaniment to any dish.  14.5% Alcohol""Rioja, Spain has a history of winemaking that goes back well over 1,000 years. Today the region produces about 300 million liters per year, 90% of which is red. And of this, Tempranillo (a grape native to this area) is the undisputed champion. But this is Spain which means Garnacha is also very popular. And todays wine combines both of those varieties into a tasty little number.  The 2009 Palacios Remondo La Vendimia begins with lots of berry aromas (raspberry mainly), rose petals and some herbal notes. When tasting the raspberry flavors from the nose carry over and there are also some black currant, plum and oak notes. The wine has a bit of a meaty/chewy texture. The ""official"" tasting notes I read (which rarely seem all that accurate) said it had a hint of fennel and sure enough it does. The finish is of medium length with a little spice and smoke.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111108"",  ""title"" : ""Palacios Remondo La Vendimia 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Journey Through Rioja Series 2010 Dinastía Vivanco Rioja White Blend 2009 Palacios Remondo La Vendimia 2007 Viña Real Plata Crianza Rioja Red Wine 2010 Bodegas El Coto Rioja Rosado 2005 Federico Paternina Banda Roja Reserva 2006 Bodegas Beronia Rioja Reserva "
816,"  100% Garganega. I believe the normal price on this is around $14 but I was able to find it for as low as $11.   Sample received courtesy the Soave Consortium for review puposes.  From the bottle: ""Rocca Sveva Soave Classico is made with 100% GARGANEGA grape. Soave, one of Italys most loved white wines, is a dry wine that is full of bright fruit with luscious overtones of fresh apples and green melons. Showcasing lots of character, good acidity, and roundness in the mouth, Rocca Sveva Soave Classico is a great wine for all types of seafood dishes, grilled poultry, and sushi. 12.5% Alcohol""This is the second of two Soave wines that I am reviewing. The 2009 Cantina di Soave Rocca Sveva Soave Classico is a bit simpler than the 2009 Fattori Motto Piane Soave reviewed yesterday, but still a nice wine. It exhibits aromas of light citrus and floral. It has a nice citrus flavor with predominantly grapefruit and lemon notes. The finish is sweet but short, and a bit dry. This is a nice wine to drink when you want to relax at the end of long hot day and simply let your mind wander.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110728"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Rocca Sveva Soave Classico"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
817," When I find myself in times of thirst, my wine rack calls to me Open it with a corkscrew and let it breathe. And in my hour of parchedness a red wine I see  Speaking words of wisdom, let it breathe.  Let it breathe, let it breathe, let it breathe, let it breathe. Speaking words of wisdom, let it breathe  Whether you use a Vinturi, a decanter or just swirl it in a glass, There will be an answer, let it breathe. Cabernet, Zinfandel, Carménère, and even Pinot Noir. There will be an answer, let it breathe.  Let it breathe, let it breathe...  And whether your wine has a cork, a screwtop or a even spigot Wait until tomorrow, let it breathe. And soon you will find, how glorious your wine can be Speaking words of wisdom, let it breathe  Let it breathe, let it breathe...  (Bastardized version of ""Let it Be"" by John Lennon and Paul McCartney.) 2009 Saint Clair Vicars Choice Pinot Noir received as a sample from the distributor for review purposes but available at Costco for $11.99.  From the bottle: The owners of Saint Clair Estate wines, Neal and Judy Ibbotson, have a relative who was a vicar in the Anglican Church. On one of his early visits to Saint Clair he tasted a range of barrel samples, selected his favourite, and halleluiah the Vicars Choice brand name was born.   13.5% alcoholI have always heard you should let your wine breathe, and yeah sometimes it does change the characteristics of the wine, but not always for the better. For this reason and realizing that most people do not drink an entire bottle at once, we try to specifically mention how the wine tastes on Day 2 in our reviews. And sometimes, like with the 2009 Saint Clair Vicars Choice Pinot Noir, giving the wine some time to breathe makes for a great improvement, thus the inspiration for the song above.  After reading recently how a New Zealand Pinot Noir knocked off much more expensive wines to win a blind Pinot tasting, I was excited to try my first wine from this country. This wine is light red in the glass, and the nose is incredibly strong, with pleasing floral and berry aromas. The wine is sweet and fruity and tastes of raspberry and strawberry; however, right out of the bottle it just feels tight. This is the 2009 vintage so it is still fairly young. After letting the wine breathe for a bit it really opens up nicely. It is a fairly smooth wine but a little tangy/sour on the finish. The 2009 Saint Clair Vicars Choice is a bit different than the Pinot Noirs you may be used to, but certainly worth a try!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110404"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Saint Clair Vicars Choice Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
818,"  100% Pinot Noir from Marlborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $15 and available for around $12. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Smooth stones characterize the Stoneleigh vineyards in Marlborough. By day, these stones reflect heat to enhance ripening, while the cool night air captures crisp fruit flavors.  Winemakers comments: This wine displays a fragrant bouquet of red berry fruit, coupled with savory spice from ageing in new and seasoned oak barrels for 8 months. The sweet, soft and supple palate is balanced with fine velvety tannins to give the wine depth and structure to mature.  Serving suggestions: Best enjoyed with succulent meat dishes, particularly duck, spring lamb, game and veal.  14.0% Alcohol""This is our second wine in the Hunt for the Best Pinot Noir Under $20 series and this time we travel to New Zealand. And while New Zealand is probably best known for Sauvignon Blanc they also produce a lot of good Pinot Noir. Well review a couple of wines from New Zealand in this series but first up is the 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir. The wine begins with light aromas of red cherry, raspberry, rose petals and some earthy notes. The red cherry and raspberry fruit carries over when tasting but this wine also has a good dose of spice and green vegetal notes that linger on the finish. A bit different than your standard Pinot Noir, but quite good nonetheless.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111221"",  ""title"" : ""Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 Series: 2008 Stone Wolf Vineyards Willamette Valley Barrel Select Cuvée Pinot Noir 2009 Stoneleigh Marlborough Pinot Noir 2009 Smoking Loon Pinot Noir 2007 Seufert Winery Pinot Noir Cuvée 2010 McManis Family Vineyards Pinot Noir 2009 Red Rock Reserve Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2009 Dashwood Marlborough Pinot Noir 2008 Robin K. Central Coast Pinot Noir "
819,"   Chile shows its range.  55% Syrah and 45% Cabernet Sauvignon from Curico Valley, Chile.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon is of an intense cherry color, with intense aromas of raspberry, essence of rose, black pepper, nutmeg and coffee beans. Fresh and round on the palate; a pleasant finish with notes of vanilla. This wine can be a great companion for boeuf bourguignon.  14.0% Alcohol""Chile is rapidly growing a reputation for producing excellent wine and todays selection shows they also have the range to pull off a rather unusual blend. Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah/Shiraz blends are most commonly found in Australia and also occasionally in France (although usually with other varieties as well). Here in the U.S. this isnt a combination you see often, even among the Australian wines on our shelves. Lets see how it turned out.   The 2009 Vina Requingua Toro de Piedra Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon Reserva begins with nice strong aromas of really ripe, jammy blackberry plus a little cedar, vanilla and licorice. Tasting the wine reveals much of the same rich, concentrated blackberry fruit along with plum, licorice, black pepper and a little green olive. The fruit turns a bit sour and even a little syrupy on the finish but some nice peppery spice and oaky notes balance it out nicely.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130313"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Toro de Piedra Syrah-Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/toro-de-piedra-syrah-cabernet-sauvignon-reserva.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
820,"  100% Malbec from Mendoza, Argentina.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The alliance of two great pioneers - Nicolas Catena and Domaines Baron de Rothschild (Lafite) - inspired this truly magnificent wine. Aruma is a celebration of the grape variety that has come to symbolize the Argentine vineyard. This 100% Malbec wine is produced from grapes at carefully selected high altitude terroirs in the Mendoza region. This intricacy adds balance, elegance and depth to the wine - the secret of great Malbecs.  14.5% Alcohol.""Todays wine comes from a partnership between some rather big names in the wine industry, Rothschild and Catena. I went into this one with an open mind and tried not to raise my expectations based on the names involved. In fact, if anything I was wary of what I might find here as these type of cooperative efforts dont always seem to work out as planned. So lets see how this one tastes...  The 2010 Bodegas Caro Aruma Malbec Domaines Barons de Rothschild (Lafite)/Nicolas Catena begins with strong and pleasant violet aromas when first opened and then turn into smoky, gamy notes plus some blackberry and spice. The more time it has to breath, the more the fruit comes out. It makes for quite an interesting evolution of the aromas on this wine. The wine tastes of dark fruit and has earthy tannins and a little spice. A bit of the smoky and gaminess from the nose carries over as well. The dry finish has a little spice and lingering cocoa notes. Pretty good by itself, but would be really good with a steak. This wine definitely needs lots of air to fully open up and was at its best on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120601"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bodegas Caro Aruma Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
821,"   Say hello to your new house wine.   75% Syrah, 14% Mourvedre, 6% Petite Sirah and 5% Grenache from California.  SRP of $16 and purchased for $11. 4,450 cases produced. Available at Costco.   From the bottle: ""Cameron Hughes is an international négociant, sourcing and producing small lots of high quality wine from the worlds best regions. Cameron offers a diverse range of wines uniquely represented by the Lot number on this label.  Lot 339 is fresh with delineated black fruits, pepper, cherries and red plum notes. Integrated tannins frame a chewy finish meshed with exotic spice notes.  14.4% Alcohol""The 2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 339 California Field Blend begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, pepper and a little sweet spice. Tasting reveals a simple but very tasty blend featuring dark fruit, oaky spice and a little cola. Medium-bodied with an excellent smooth dry texture, this makes for a great everyday wine. It ends dry with chewy tannins and good length. Say hello to your new house wine.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140108"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Cameron Hughes Lot 339 California Field Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/cameron-hughes-lot-339-california-field-blend.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
822," A wine that really wants you to know it is UNOAKED. Chardonnay Showdown post #2.   100% Chardonnay from Spain fermented in stainless steel vats. SRP of $12. Available online and at select retailers for $11. Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Situated in the north hills of Navarra at an altitude of 650 mts El Cerezo vineyard produces excellent Chardonnay grapes. Harvested in the cool of the night, fermented in stainless steel and bottled without oak ageing. UNOAKED. Delicious wine, pure and clean. Richness of fruit combined with a noted acidity behind. 13.5% Alcohol""Another wine from the Kingdom of Navarra in Spain. And just in case the ""without oak ageing"" on the label wasnt clear enough for you, this wine is ""UNOAKED"", got it? And not only that but ""pure and clean"". I think they made their point! In any case, how does this wine taste?   The 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay exhibits aromas of green apples, pears, and papaya. It tastes light and sweet, with notes of green apple, citrus, and pineapple. The finish is medium-short with a dash of lemon and ends a bit tart. Overall a nice wine at a good value. Might even score a little higher if the finish would have held up a bit better, but definitely still a BUY rating for this UNOAKED Chardonnay. Just as good on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110621"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results  Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
823,"  100% Chardonnay from Macon-Lugny, Burgundy, France.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The very old vines grown in the historic ""les Charmes"" vineyard give this lovely Chardonnay from southern Burgundy especially fine flavors and finesse. Fresh citrus aromas lead to a creamy palate and an elegant fruity finish. Perfect as an aperitif or with seafood, white meats or vegetarian dishes.  13.0% Alcohol""Weve covered many different brands of Chardonnay here at The Reverse Wine Snob starting with our Chardonnay Showdown series last year. Yet weve barely scratched the surface of styles available in this ever popular variety. Beyond the obvious differences in oak treatment, there are many more differences (sometimes subtle, sometimes not) based on soil types, temperature, altitude, etc. Included in this list are slight genetic differences within each variety, called clonal differences. Todays wine is a good example of just this.  Les Charmes is 100% Chardonnay, but much of it comes from the Musk Chardonnay clone. This particular clone has developed aromas similar to the Muscat grape. Its not something you hear discussed often, but these clonal differences are one of the wonderful reasons wines of the same variety can taste so different.   The 2010 Cave de Lugny Les Charmes Macon-Lugny Single Vineyard Chardonnay begins with fresh and fruity aromas of apricot and lemon along with some mineral undertones and a bit of spice. Tasting the wine reveals a creamy mouthfeel with more apricot and lemon flavors and a good bit of spice. According to the winemaker this wine has not seen any time in oak, but I would have guessed it had seen at least a little. On the finish grapefruit flavors come to the front and the nice spice component continues. The mineral notes also become a little more prominent.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120824"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Cave de Lugny Les Charmes Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/08/cave-de-lugny-les-charmes-chardonnay.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
824,"  100% Cabernet Franc. SRP of $14, but available for $11.99. Sample received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Château de Fontenille is a splendid property situated in the middle of 65 ha of which 40 ha are planted with vines, near the ancient Abbey of La Sauve Majeure. The blending being mostly Cabernet Franc, it gives an excellent structure. Ideal as an apertif, with cold meat and barbecues. To be drunk within three years after the bottling to keep its freshness. To be served between 53° and 57° F. 13% Alcohol""As a dad to 2 girls Im used to pink. Heck, even the dog is a girl. (I do have to admit that I play a mean game of Pretty Pretty Princess, Im UNBEATABLE! BRING IT!) But pink in your drink?  The 2010 Château de Fontenille Bordeaux Clairet is really a bridge between red and white wines for proponents of each grape. This is basically a red wine without the tannins. A great hot summer day drink for red wine drinkers that is quite nice chilled. And a nice introduction to red wines for those white wine only types. You may see this wine described as a rosé or a clairet, but the idea is similar. The color in red wine comes from dark grape skins being left in contact with the juice during fermentation. If you remove the skin or juice part way through fermentation, you essentially end up with a light red, or pink, rosé wine. (The skin is also what imparts much of the tannins to the wine.)  The 2010 Château de Fontenille Bordeaux Clairet exhibits aromas of strawberry, cherry, and some earthiness. The wine tastes lightly fruity (strawberries and cherries again), with a little bit of funk, herbs, and a nice acidity. The finish is dry with a little bit of veggies coming through. We found the wine to be better on day 1 than day 2.   So do real men really drink pink? Yes they can. And if you have a problem with that, its light red.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110524"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Château de Fontenille Bordeaux Clairet"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
825," A juicy French Bordeaux blend that is a great alternative to boring whites. 50% Sauvignon Blanc, 30% Semillon, 20% Muscadelle. SRP of $13 but should be available for a dollar or two less than that. Sample received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.  From the bottle:""La Freynelle, located in the heart of the Entre-Deux-Mers region of Bordeaux has been in the Barthe family for 7 generations since 1789. The present owner and oenologist of this 75-hectare estate, Veronique Barthe, inherited the chateau in 1990 and is the first female winemaker in the family history. She is now producing award winning wines. 50% Sauvignon Blanc, 30% Semillon, 20% Muscadelle from 25 year old vines. Clay and limestone soils. After harvest, grapes are crushed gently in a pneumatic press to retain freshness and aromas. The wine also undergoes partial malolactic fermentation to obtain more roundness and body. Brilliant straw robe. Lovely fruity nose of white peaches, citrus fruits, and beeswax. Elegant charming, palate with fruit, volume and a smooth, buttery finish.  12% alcohol.""The 2010 Château la Freynelle Bordeaux exhibits aromas of citrus, apple, and pear. It tastes of lemon with a healthy dash of hard cider. A wine that is crisp, nicely balanced, and easy to drink. A good juicy finish closes this one out. The three varieties in the this blend play quite nicely together and gives this white a bit more character than the usual suspects. Definitely worth a try.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110609"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Château la Freynelle Bordeaux"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
826,"  100% Chardonnay from Limari Valley, Chile.  SRP of $16 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""De Martino, reinventing Chile. Creating wines that are a true reflection of their origin. The ""Legado"" range offers the best representation of a specific grape variety from the most outstanding and innovative Chilean wine producing valleys.  Limari Valley: The geography of this valley, which is wide open with access to the sea, means that there are excellent climatic conditions for the production of this variety.  Chardonnay: This wine is elegant and expressive, with a very pleasant mineral touch, plenty of fruit and creamy notes. It is flavourful, with a long finish.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is the fifth in our series and the second Chardonnay. Like the first, this wine also spends time in oak, but in this case it does definitely not overpower so I think it will appeal to quite a wide audience.  The 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay begins with aromas of citrus and a little butterscotch. The wine tastes of taste peach and has lots of mineral notes along with good balance and good acidity. As I mentioned, the oak does not overpower at all. Some light butterscotch notes from the bouquet carryover. The finish has good length, and you guessed it, some lingering (but light) butterscotch notes. Quite a nice Chardonnay overall.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120427"",  ""title"" : ""2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       Wines in the Chile Coastal Whites series: 2011 Vina Casablanca Nimbus Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild Sauvignon Blanc 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay  Also be sure to check out Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carménère!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
827," A Sauvignon Blanc for people who are not huge fans of the typical Sauvignon Blanc.   SRP of $11.99. Sample received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Established in 1840, and boasting a portfolio of highly prized Chateaux, Dourthe is the benchmark for high quality Bordeaux wines. Made from 100% Sauvignon Blanc, Dourthe La Grande Cuvée is characterized by outstanding aromatic intensity, displaying striking citrus fruit and blackcurrant bud notes, and exemplary freshness. This perfect balance results in an exceptionally elegant wine. 12.5% alcohol.""Im usually not a huge fan of Sauvignon Blanc, especially the ones that overpower with lemongrass and what many describe as ""cat pee"" aromas. There are no worries about that with this French Bordeaux. The 2010 Dourthe La Grande Cuvée Sauvignon Blanc Bordeaux exhibits aromas of grapefruit, citrus, and lemon, but not in an overpowering or grassy way. The taste is light and easy to drink with grapefruit and citrus but again not in an overpowering way. Simple but good with nice acidity and a pleasing finish that makes you want to drink more. I can get into a Sauvignon Blanc like this on a hot day!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110523"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Dourthe La Grande Cuvée Sauvignon Blanc Bordeaux"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
828,"  A blend of predominately Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot from California.  Buy wine online with Wine Chateau and save.SRP of $14 and available for around $12. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""From the sprawling coastline to the gently rolling hills enveloping lush vineyard laden valleys, Echelon is inspired by the best California has to offer. Delight in the the simple sophistication of this Red Blend to celebrate even the smallest of accomplishments. No victory is too small to reward yourself with a glass of Echelon Red Blend.  Opulent flavors of dense, jammy fruit, decadent mocha and dark chocolate are framed by notes of spicy black currant and rich black cherry. Hints of warm spice and herb notes round out this velvety, elegant wine.  13.0% Alcohol""This is the second wine weve reviewed from Echelon, but unlike the Collection Series Russian River Valley Pinot Noir we covered previously, todays wine is from the less expensive base Echelon line. Well have reviews of several more wines from this line coming soon, but the Red Blend is up first.  Red blends are big business in the under $20 market these days. Just check out the extreme popularity of wines like Apothic Red and Menage A Trois. Theres a lot to like about the interesting and unique flavors of many of these highly drinkable and highly affordable wines. So how does todays wine measure up?  The 2010 Echelon Red Blend begins with a pleasant and very fruity aroma of black cherry, strawberry, raspberry and just a little spice. This easy to drink wine tastes light, simple and fruity and features a soft and smooth texture. There really isnt anything all that sophisticated about this wine, but thats perfectly OK. This would make quite a nice party wine that will appeal to a wide group of wine drinkers. The finish has good length with just a little hint of spice. An affordable option for pizza night!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120608"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Echelon Red Blend"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
829,"   Kosher for Passover.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Golan Heights, Galilee, Israel.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Golan Cabernet Sauvignon was produced entirely from Cabernet Sauvignon grapes grown in the Golan Heights and one vineyard in the Upper Galilee. The cool climate, rocky volcanic soil and high altitude are ideal conditions for growing classic wine grape varieties. Six months aging in primarily American oak barrels results in a wine that balances ripe berry and cherry characters with attractive vanilla and oak notes. To preserve the quality of the wine, this bottle should be stored on its side in a cool, dark place. Best served at 65-70F.  Kosher for Passover. 14.5% Alcohol""Next week is an important one for Christians and Jews with events like -- Palm Sunday, Jesus triumphant return to Jerusalem to celebrate the Passover; Passover, the celebration of the Israelites freedom from slavery in Egypt; Maundy Thursday, the date of the Last Supper of Jesus Christ with the disciples; Good Friday, the date of the crucifixion of Jesus; and, of course, Easter which celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Jews that observe the special dietary rules for Passover will be happy to know that this wine meets them. And while Christians do not follow these same rules there is a nice symbolism during this holy week in drinking wine from the very lands where Jesus walked in his earthly ministry.   The 2010 Golan Heights Winery Golan Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very nice, strong aroma of dark berry fruit and black pepper. Tasting the wine reveals sour black cherry thats a bit on the jammy side, sweet oak notes and vanilla. However, what  makes this wine really stand out from the crowd is all the peppery spice and mineral notes. (The rock on the label should be a good hint of the minerality.)  This medium-bodied wine should be rather food flexible as well making it a good choice for your Passover and Easter meals. It ends dry with more rich dark berry flavors intermixed with a bunch of minerality and black pepper. Quite nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130322"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Golan Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/golan-cabernet-sauvignon-galilee.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
830,"  100% Albarino from Rias Baixas, Spain.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Licia is aromatic, charming and intensely refreshing. Hand harvested from hillside vineyard above the river Mino in the green Celtic part of Spain known as Galicia.  12.5% Alcohol""Licia is a shortening of the word Galicia, the region in NW Spain. This entire region is known for Albarino, which is native to this area, but within Galicia it may be most popular in Rias Baixas where it makes up 90% of the wine production. In fact, Rias Baixas is the only D.O. (Denomination of Origin) in Spain that exclusively produces white wines. And it just so happens that this is exactly where todays wine originates. This area is also not far from Portugal where Albarino, known as Alvarinho, is quite popular.  Its easy to understand the popularity of this variety. Albarino commonly has a slight effervescence. Combine this with fresh flavors and good acidity and it makes a for a refreshing summer drink and a great pairing for summer foods. Lets see if that holds true with todays wine.  The 2010 Licia Rias Baixas Albarino opens with a nice aroma of green apple, pear, melon and a little lemon. Tasting the wine shows just a touch of effervescence and a nice simple mix of pear, melon, lemon and grapefruit as well as good acidity. On the medium-long finish grapefruit comes through really strong along with some minerality. A really nice wine to have on hand for those warm summer days that are approaching quickly!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120406"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Licia Rias Baixas Albarino"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
831,"   Fun to drink with lots of big flavors.   Cabernet Sauvignon from Patagonia, Argentina.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""It is with pleasure that the Restivo Family offers this wine to you. Originally from Europe we have come to Argentina to select the finest grapes to produce this wine made from Cabernet Sauvignon. The grapes are harvested from choice vineyards in Patagonia, Argentina. We are honored to put our forefathers surname on this select bottle of wine. It is wonderfully structured, richly flavorful, with complexity and bold elegance. Enjoy it with Antipasti, flavorful tapas, roasted meats, Asado (the Argentinean BBQ - chicken, pork, steak), and of course special cheese.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from one of the most extreme places on earth - Patagonia. You can find some more info on this area in our review of the Ruta 22 Malbec - Fruit and Spice From Start To Finish. You may also remember our review of another Malbec from Patagonia, the Familia Grittini Areo Malbec - Malbec Mania! Search For The Best Malbec Under $20, but todays wine is the first Cabernet that weve tried from this region.   The 2010 Restivo Cabernet Sauvignon Reserve begins with big, fruit bomb-like aromas of ripe dark berries along with cola, baking spice and brown sugar. Tasting the wine reveals tons of juicy fruit (no surprise) that is a bit on the syrupy side, but there are also some excellent spicy mineral notes underneath all the dark fruit that adds excellent contrast. It finishes nicely with good length. A wine that is quite fun to drink with all kinds of big flavors.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130422"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Restivo Cabernet Sauvignon Reserve"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/restivo-cabernet-sauvignon-reserve.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
832," Chardonnay on a stick? Chardonnay Showdown Post #5.   100% Chardonnay from California aged in oak. SRP of $12, but should have wide availability for $10 or less. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Through tireless winemaking innovation, an uncompromising eye for quality and unshakable faith in Californias vineyards, Robert Mondavi was a pioneer in producing wines that rival the worlds finest.  Our Chardonnay displays crisp apple, tropical fruit and spice notes, with subtle oak nuances integrated to a crisp finish.  13.5% Alcohol"" Chardonnay on a stick? No, not really, but this wine did bring back memories of our glorious Minnesota State Fair! A Fair that despite being in the 21st most populated state is the 3rd largest State Fair overall and #1 in daily attendance. Just to wrap your mind around that number there are only 5.3 million people in the entire state (and only around 3 million anywhere near where it is held) but attendance at the Fair was 1.8mm last year! Truly a wondrous institution and I dare say you havent lived until youve experienced it. But why the connection to this wine from California? Its simple: the first aroma I was greeted with upon opening the bottle was buttered, roasted corn on the cob. And theres no better place on earth to get freshly roasted corn on the cob than the Minnesota State Fair, home to every conceivable food on a stick. So right off the bat, this wine was starting on a good note!  Besides the buttered corn on the cob aroma, the 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Chardonnay also exhibits apple and mango notes. The taste is of tropical fruit (pineapple and mango), apple, oak, and some buttery spice. The slightly sour finish lingers nicely and is on the dry side. A nice Chardonnay to check out while you anticipate all the new foods you will find on a stick at the next State Fair!  Other Robert Mondavi Private Selection wine reviewed: 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Grigio 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2009 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Meritage 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Pinot Noir 2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Cabernet Sauvignon  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110624"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Robert Mondavi Private Selection Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
833,"  100% Chardonnay from Leyda Valley, Chile.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $13. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Medalla Real collection represents the tremendous diversity and wealth of Chiles terroirs, influenced by the Pacific Ocean and the Andes Mountains. Santa Ritas winemakers and vitivulturists have carefully chosen the best sectors of the countrys most distinct wine regions in order to express the wide range of terroirs and capture the full potential and unique character of each variety that distinguishes the Medalla Real wines.  The grapes that go into the Medalla Real Chardonnay come from the Leyda Valley, whose cool climate is strongly influenced by the proximity of the Pacific Ocean, the low-lying Coastal Mountains, and the morning fog. This greenish-yellow wine combines aromas of fresh fruits and citrus with dried fruits and nuts. Distinctly mineral in character with a fresh palate, good volume, a creamy texture, and a long, lingering finish. The wine was fermented and aged in French oak barrels for 7 months.  14.0% Alcohol""I cant count the number of times I see wineries promote the fact that their vineyards grow on the slopes of mountains or at altitude. Its a selling fact because these wines tend to develop different characteristics and it is believed the larger temperature differences between day and night in these areas contribute to stronger flavors in the grapes. If this is all true, then Chile should be a winemakers paradise considering 80% of the country is covered by mountains! And in the case of these coastal whites, the low lying coastal mountains allow just enough of the frigid Pacific breeze to get through and cool the vineyards to enhance the growing conditions.  The 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay begins with a really strong bouquet of citrus, creamy vanilla and some nutty notes. Tasting this creamy, smooth and silky wine shows flavors of tropical fruit and citrus much like the bouquet. On the finish there is some toasty oak along with lingering nutty notes. This would be a very good wine for Chardonnay lovers who prefer their wine to spend time in oak. And while the oak is definitely not overdone if you strongly prefer unoaked Chards it may be too much for you.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120424"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       Wines in the Chile Coastal Whites series: 2011 Vina Casablanca Nimbus Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild Sauvignon Blanc 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay  Also be sure to check out Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carménère!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
834,"  100% Old Vine Garnacha. SRP of $16 but it should be a few dollars less if you can find it.   Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Grenache from our vineyard No. 5, planted in 1953 in the Señorío de Sarría estate. Must extracted by bleeding the free run juice. Fermentation with temperature control. Alcohol 14.0%.""The 2010 Señorío de Sarría Viñedo No 5 Rosado exhibits aromas of strawberry, watermelon, tomato, herbs and some floral notes. It tastes a bit fruity (watermelon) but the earthiness outweighs the fruit. The finish is medium-short and a little on the bitter side. This wine is not totally my style as I prefer more fruit, but I was surprised by how good this was and enjoyed it quite a bit. We found it to be even a little better on day 2.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110723"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
835,"   Seriously, its really juicy and really spicy.   100% Shiraz from Barossa, Australia.  SRP of $19.99 and available for as low as $11.99.   From the bottle: ""It was a leap of faith which inspired a small group of European settlers to leave their homeland and seek the opportunities of the Barossa in 1842. They established small farms and vineyards and started making uniquely Barossan wines which reflected the regions ancient soils and friendly climate. That same faith in the provenance of the vine has sustained the regions grape growers and winemakers for five generations.  The 2010 Faith Shiraz reveals a palate full of juicy raspberry and dark cherry flavours. A silky textural sensation of smooth tannins follows with a chocolate and blackforest fruit persistence. Make room in the cellar - 2010 Barossa Shiraz is stunning!  14.5% Alcohol""The 2010 St Hallett Faith Shiraz begins with a very pleasant aroma featuring lots of spicy, ripe, red and black fruit and a touch of vanilla. Tasting this smooth wine reveals lots of juicy fruit (plum, black cherry) and tons of spice. There are definitely some oaky notes, but they are not overdone by any means and add a nice mocha component. Even though the wine offers some complexity, its still all about the juicy fruit and spice which lasts into the medium length finish.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130812"",  ""title"" : ""2010 St Hallett Faith Shiraz"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/st-hallett-faith-shiraz.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
836,"   Vigilantly protecting your wine drinking pleasure.   90% Cabernet Sauvignon, 6% Petite Sirah and 4% Syrah from Lake County, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $12. 15,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Having children reaffirmed our dedication to the planet. Thats why our vineyards are sustainably farmed using cover crops and sheep to control the weeds between the rows. Ever vigilant, our watchful sheep dogs stand guard over the flock and the wines, protecting them from harm. It is this same spirit that drives us in our obsession to craft wines that honor and respect the earth. -Clay and Margarita Shannon, Vigilance Vineyards  Harvested in October, grapes were picked between 25.0 - 26.5 brix and aged on French and American oak for 18 months. Crafted from our Vigilance Vineyards in the Red Hills of Lake County to create a multi-layered, well balanced wine. Notes of black cherry and ripe currant; earthy, with hints of coffee bean. Silky and lush with excellent layers, richness and a long, satisfying finish.  14.2% Alcohol""Its been awhile since weve reviewed a wine from Vigilance Winery. Previously we enjoyed both their Petite Sirah and the Cimarron Red Blend. Today we turn to the worlds favorite red variety, Cabernet Sauvignon.  The 2010 Vigilance Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of black cherry and vanilla. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals more of the same black cherry and vanilla wrapped up in a silky smooth texture with soft tannins. It ends with a dry grippy finish with good length. The 2011 vintage of this wine is available now but you should still be able to find the 2010 in most places. And while I cant say how they compare Im guessing the 2010 has benefited from an extra year in the bottle since this wine spent 18 months in French oak.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130801"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Vigilance Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/vigilance-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
837,"   A perfect wine for Thanksgiving dinner!  100% Zweigelt from Burgenland, Austria.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Austrian Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Deep within the plains of the Seewinkel lies the village of Andau, which was first documented as Zantho in 1488. The regions gravelly soil, rich in minerals and iron, is ideal for producing high-quality red wines and for a rare genus of woodland lizard.  Josef Umathum and Wolfgang Peck make use of these optimum natural conditions to create wonderfully distinctive wines.  13.0% Alcohol""Today we kick off a mini-series on the wines of Austria, which is a region we havent delved into much here on The Reverse Wine Snob. Over the next few weeks I will be featuring 5 or 6 of my favorite red and white wines from this area.   While most immediately think of Gruner Veltliner when they think of this region, about 1/3 of the wine production in Austria is actually red wine. So to kick off the series, we are starting with the most popular red variety in the country, Zweigelt (Zvy-gelt). Not the best name for American consumers, I know, but dont let that stop you. Besides, Zweigelt is infinitely better than its original, and still occasionally used, name -- Rotburger.  Zweigelt is a grape indigenous to Austria, and in fact, it was actually created in Austria in 1922 by Fritz Zweigelt. This was done by crossing two other indigenous grapes, St. Laurent and Blaufrankisch. Today Zweigelt accounts for about 14% of the total vineyard area in the country and about 40% of the red grape vineyard area. Todays selection comes from Burgenland which is the easternmost region of Austria right next to Slovakia and Hungary and the area where much of the countrys red wine is produced.  The 2010 Zantho Zweigelt begins with spicy dark berry and cranberry aromas along with cinnamon and pepper. It needs a little time to breathe to really open up but then it is quite nice. A rather unique touch is that the bottle is sealed with a glass stopper rather than a cork. Tasting the wine reveals a creamy texture with flavors of smoky cranberry and other red berries, a little pepper and more baking spice. The slightly dry finish features more of the same flavors. This is really quite a nice wine and a great introduction to Austrian reds.   One other note -- my overwhelming thought when tasting this wine was that it would be perfect with many fall and winter meals, Thanksgiving dinner in particular, thanks to the cranberry and baking spice flavors. Just something to keep in mind as you do your wine shopping for all your holiday get-togethers, especially for your wine-loving friends and family that may not have tried this variety yet. Cheers!  Wine in the Awesome Austrians series: 2010 Zantho Zweigelt - A perfect wine for Thanksgiving dinner. 2011 Laurenz V. Singing Gruner Veltliner - At this price it just might make you sing! 2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic - A Beauty From Burgenland. 2010 Laurenz V. Charming Gruner Veltliner - Smooth and Steely. 2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt - Fresh From The Garden! 2010 Juris St Laurent Selection - Pinot Noirs deep, dark and savory love child finds a home in Austria.  2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection - Think you know Pinot? Then you need to get to know Austria.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121018"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Zantho Zweigelt"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/zantho-zweigelt-2010-awesome-austrians.html"" };    Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
838,"   Earthy!   100% Tempranillo from Tierra de Castilla, Spain.  Available for just $12 at NuCellar.com. Plus any purchase of 3 or more bottles earns Reverse Wine Snob readers a 6 bottle free shipping credit from your free, temperature controlled cellar! Use code ""rwssummer"" at checkout. Offer expires 7/22/2014.   From the bottle: ""Ercavio is made with grapes from old bushvines located on the high plateau of La Mesa de Ocana, Toledo and was barrel aged for 6 months in new French oak barrels.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Bodegas Mas Que Vinos Ercavio Tempranillo Roble begins with pleasant aromas of smoky dark fruit, cola, licorice and black pepper. When tasting the wine starts fruity but then a surprising amount of earth, coffee, tobacco and chocolate kicks in mid-palate and dominates all the way through the finish. This is not a wine for fans for fruit bombs, but it is quite good and offers a very nice change of pace. It ends dry and grippy with lots of mocha notes. If you enjoy earthy wines, this is one youll love.  Get the 2011 Bodegas Mas Que Vinos Ercavio Tempranillo for just $12 at NuCellar.com. Plus check out other great wines under $20 like our recently recommended Ancient Peaks Renegade. Purchases of 3 or more bottles earn Reverse Wine Snob readers a 6 bottle free shipping credit from your free, temperature controlled cellar. Use code ""rwssummer"" at checkout. Offer expires 7/22/2014. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140623"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bodegas Mas Que Vinos Ercavio Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/bodegas-mas-que-vinos-ercavio-tempranillo.html"" };      This review sponsored by:    Get the 2011 Bodegas Mas Que Vinos Ercavio Tempranillo for just $12. Purchases of 3 or more bottles earn Reverse Wine Snob readers a 6 bottle free shipping credit! Use code ""rwssummer"" at checkout. Offer expires 7/22/2014.   Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
839,"   Smooth and tasty Chardonnay from Southern France.   100% Chardonnay from Vin de Pays dOc, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $8. Imported by Boisset Family Estates. Sample submitted for review. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  From the bottle: ""A lightly oaked, buttery Chardonnay from the South of France.  Alcohol 11 to 14%""The 2011 Bouchard Aine & Fils Vin de Pays dOc Chardonnay begins with simple and pleasant aromas of apple, pear, peach and honeysuckle. In the mouth youll find a smooth and tasty wine featuring citrus, honey and some nice light buttery and nutty notes -- just enough to add interest but not enough to overwhelm. A subtle mineral streak comes out on the crisp, satisfying finish. Simply good Chardonnay!  Also check out our review of the Bouchard Aine & Fils Pinot Noir Vin de Pays dOc 2011 - Light And Tasty.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140403"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Bouchard Aine & Fils Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/bouchard-aine-fils-chardonnay.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
840,"   A crowd pleasing Chardonnay.   100% Chardonnay from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $18 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""At Franciscan Estate we devote ourselves to crafting wines from our estate vineyards and other cooler vineyards of Napa Valley for rich flavor and supple body. This Chardonnay was fermented and aged sur lie in small oak barrels for seven months, producing a wine with plush layers of citrus, pear, apple and vanilla spice.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Chardonnay begins with pleasant aromas of lemon cream, spiced apples, a little cinnamon and some floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals this one definitely has a little butter to it, but its nowhere near big time oak. The lemon cream continues but there are some crisp and juicy pear and citrus notes as well. Youll also find a good shot of vanilla. It ends with some tart fruit, a few mineral notes and good length. Solid!  Also check out our review of the Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - Take a Vow of Delicious.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130411"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/franciscan-estate-napa-valley-chardonnay.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
841,"   Did I mention that its jammy?  100% Gamay from Brouilly, Beaujolais, France.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""A wine to be enjoyed when young, Brouilly is fresh and supple with aromas of plum and blackberry.  13.0% Alcohol""As we mentioned in the Beaujolais-Villages review, there are three designations of Beaujolais:  Beaujolais Nouveau is the first tier -- these wines are harvested, fermented and released within just a few weeks time and are intended to be consumed very young. (The 2012 vintage releases today in fact.) Beaujolais-Villages is in the middle, with a 15% lower maximum yield of grapes per acre. For an example check out our review of the 2011 Georges Duboeuf Beaujolais-Villages - A Strawberry-Banana Jam-a-rama! The ten Beaujolais Crus which sit at the high end of the hierarchy. These wines are considered the best in the region and have the lowest allowable yield of grapes per acre. These wines also tend to offer the most complexity and ability to age. Todays wine is a Cru Beaujolais from Brouilly, which is the southernmost of the 10 Cru. This is the largest Cru in terms volume and area, with its vineyards forming a circle around Mount Brouilly. While many of the 10 Cru produce wines that are their best after a number of years of aging, wines from Brouilly are generally intended to be consumed young. Well get to an example of one of the more age-worthy variety from Moulin-a-Vent in a future post but for now lets see how the Brouilly measures up!  The 2011 Georges DuBoeuf Brouilly begins with lots of strawberry and raspberry jam plus a good dose of plum and some violet floral notes. Tasting the wine reveals more jammy fruit (cherry, plum and cranberry) but also some nice peppery notes. This light-bodied Beaujolais is simple but quite good and would pair nicely with all kinds of everyday fare. It ends with a dry, fruity finish.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121115"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Georges DuBoeuf Brouilly"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/georges-duboeuf-brouilly-2011.html"" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
842,"   Another nice wine from Domaines Paul Mas.   100% Pinot Noir from IGP dAude, Languedoc, France. See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  SRP of $15 and available for as low as $11. Imported by Esprit Du Vin. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Paul Mas Estate Single Vineyard Collection wines come from Jean-Claude Mass vineyards in the Languedoc region in the South of France. Saint Hilaire vineyard lies near Limoux, at the foothills of the Pyrenees mountains, a terroir famous since the Roman times. The grapes give birth to wines with a rare elegance and a unique character. Pinot Noir adapts wonderfully to the Limoux climate and soils. This wine displays a quintessence of red fruits, blackcurrant, cherry and spicy aromas, with a hint of vanilla.  13.5% Alcohol""Today we have another nice wine from Domaines Paul Mas, a name you may recognize from our latest Top 10 Reds Under $20 list which features the Paul Mas Estate Single Vineyard Collection Malbec. (Weve also enjoyed the Chateau Paul Mas Clos des Mures 2011 - So Good They Built A Wall Around The Vineyard.) Today we check out a Pinot Noir from the single vineyard line.   The 2011 Paul Mas Estate Pinot Noir Saint Hilaire Vineyard begins with aromas of sour black cherry, a little spice and some nice nutty notes. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals lots of black cherry, a little licorice and a pronounced earthy streak with lots of mineral overtones. Its quite tasty, but its definitely not a fruit driven wine. It ends long and dry with lingering spice and more earthy and long lasting mineral notes. Another nice wine from Domaines Paul Mas!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140331"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Paul Mas Estate Pinot Noir Saint Hilaire Vineyard"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/paul-mas-estate-pinot-noir-saint-hilaire-vineyard.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
843," Four Delicious Finger Lakes Rieslings For Under $15!    This years line-up.   This year I once again had the opportunity to taste a number of Rieslings from the Finger Lakes as part of the Finger Lakes Wine Alliance Riesling Hour. Riesling is huge in the Finger Lakes. As I noted in last years post there are over 1,000 acres of Riesling being grown in this area that result in over 100,000 of cases of Riesling annually from 200 different brands. But the thing that impressed me even more this year was the quality of the four wines I tasted, all priced at under $15!  With that, lets move right into the reviews! Up first is the 2011 Fulkerson Winery Semi-Dry Riesling with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $10.  From the bottle: ""The noble grape that superbly in our shale soil shows off in another style. Our semi-dry has a flowery nose backed up by tropical fruit. The nice mouth feel expresses tastes of crisp apple and peach that will excite your taste buds. Enjoy with roast pork, ham, glazed ribs and chicken with cream sauces.  11.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Fulkerson Winery Semi-Dry Riesling begins with very pleasant aromas of apple, honey, peach and a little pineapple. The wine tastes sweet and light (delicate even) with lemon, apple and nectarine flavors. Quite good although the finish is a bit short.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next up was my favorite of the night, the 2011 Red Newt Cellars Semi-Dry Riesling with an SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12.     My Favorite! From the bottle: ""Riesling is the flagship wine grape variety of the Finger Lakes and truly shines when balanced with a touch of sweetness. Crisp and aromatic in the glass, Red Newt Semi-Dry is the ultimate expression of the Finger Lakes style. Bursting with layers of ripe pineapple, starfruit, kiwi, and mango, the palate is an expression of the perfect climate for Riesling. Subtle sweetness up front is delicately balanced for a clean, fresh finish, and is ideal for flavorful, spicy cuisine.  10.1% Alcohol""The 2011 Red Newt Cellars Semi-Dry Riesling begins with aromas of pear, honey and even some mineral notes. The wine has good balance and tastes excellent with lots of sweet pear and honey along with some spicy white pepper. It finishes clean with good length.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy Third is the 2011 Three Brothers Zero Degree Dry Riesling with an SRP of $14 and available for as low as $12.  From the bottle: ""Designed to showcase the versatility of the Finger Lakes Riesling grape, and the wines unique ability to be finished either dry or sweet. You decide...which degree do you prefer?  11.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Three Brothers Zero Degree Dry Riesling begins with a bit subdued aroma of apple and peach. It tastes great with a whole lot of fruit flavor covering up the wines dryness. Its actually quite nice to have a wine with so much fruit that is not overly sweet. The finish is medium-long and features more apple flavors.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Last up is the 2011 Wagner Vineyards Dry Riesling, with an SRP of $13 and available for as low as $9.  From the winery: ""Wagner Vineyards is an estate bottled winery, currently farming over 200 acres of grapes, including more than 50 acres of Riesling. We ferment our Riesling at cool temperatures to preserve the delicate fruit character and bottle early, allowing it to gain complexity in the bottle. Our experience has shown that, given proper storage conditions, Riesling from Wagner Vineyards will continue to improve and develop for 5-7 years.  11.6% Alcohol""The 2011 Wagner Vineyards Dry Riesling begins with nice light aromas of tropical fruit and apple. The wine tastes lightly sweet with citrus, nectarine, pineapple and honey flavors but also has some good minerality. Those flavors turn a bit tart on the finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. All wines were samples received courtesy Finger Lakes Wine Alliance for review purposes.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
844,"   Chianti (pictured), Montepulciano dAbruzzo, Nero dAvola and Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, all well under $20.   You may remember Toscano Vineyards from the Brunello we covered as a Saturday Splurge a few weeks ago. Today we have four more of their red wines, all well under $20. These wines are available in the U.S. thanks to Chuck Hollis, who imports these wines made by Giuseppe Sala. Chuck didnt start out as an importer, in fact, he admittedly didnt know a ton about wine, but he knew enough that when he tasted these wines on vacation in Italy that they needed to brought over to this country. And so thats exactly what he did, and we, for one, are glad for it!  First up is the  2010 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Chianti a blend of 80% Sangiovese and 20% Canaiolo. It has an SRP of $15 and is available for $13. 50,000 cases produced, 12.4% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2010 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Chianti begins with a pleasant aroma of lots of red fruit. The wine tastes nice and savory with rich red berry fruit, some good spice and a touch of smoke. A bit oaky at first, but that dissipates with a little air. It ends nice and spicy with a medium-length finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next is the 2011 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Montepulciano dAbruzzo which is 100% Montepulciano. It has an SRP of $14 and is available for $12. 50,000 cases produced, 13% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2011 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Montepulciano dAbruzzo begins with a nice, strong aroma featuring lots of bright fruit and some earthy notes. Just like the Chianti this one needs a bit of air to show its best. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals lots of red cherry and other fresh red fruits, soft and dry tannins and earthy notes that carry through to the finish that also features some tart fruit.   Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Nero dAvola is 100% Nero dAvola. It has an SRP of $17 and is available for $15. 30,000 cases produced, 14% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Nero dAvola begins with a very aromatic and very nice nose of lots of black raspberry, spice, and maybe even a little smoke. The wine tastes very smooth and is full of rich red fruit that turns tart on the finish and nicely integrated spice. This variety often makes a great pizza wine and this one is no exception. It ends with good length and lingering tart berry notes.   Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Lastly we have what on taste alone is my favorite of the bunch, the 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Vino Nobile Di Montepulciano. This wine is a blend of 80% Sangiovese, 10% Colorino and 10% Canaiolo it has an SRP of $18 and is available for $16. 30,000 cases produced, 13.5% alcohol. Sample submitted for review.  The 2008 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Vino Nobile Di Montepulciano begins with a pleasant aroma of blackberry, plum and spice. Like many of the others, the wine tastes a little oaky at first and needs some air. However, once it opens up this is a big, serious wine featuring wonderful dark fruit, a lush mouthfeel and dry, chalky tannins. It ends dry with good length and some lingering caramel notes. Excellent!  Order this wine from VinoShipper here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
845,"   Revisiting an old favorite.   30% Zinfandel, 40% Petite Sirah and 30% Malbec from California.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Esporao Quinta dos Murcas Assobio for just $12.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order! (RWS Rating of Highly Recommended.)   SRP of $15 and available for as low as $11 (and occasionally available at Costco for around $8). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Four generations of growing and winemaking by the Tudal Family guides the crafting of our famous Tractor Shed Red proprietary blend, dating back to the inaugural 97 vintage. Artful blending of noble Bordeaux and Italian-style varietals results in a rich, complex, yet distinctly smooth wine. Our original 47 Massey-Harris red tractor still stands proudly at our St. Helena winery -- symbolic of out authentic origins. TSR will over deliver on quality, and is always a crowd pleaser!  14.3% Alcohol""The 2011 Tudal Family Winery Tractor Shed Red begins with pleasant aromas of tart black cherry and spice plus a hint of vanilla and mint. In the mouth youll find a really tart and tasty, medium-bodied wine featuring a smooth texture and a hint of spice. It ends dry with lingering cranberry notes and the return of the mint and vanilla from the nose. I have to say that I miss the Sangiovese that was in the 2009, but this wine still offers a lot of value for the low price.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140304"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Tractor Shed Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/tractor-shed-red.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
846,"   Juicy and jammy.   100% Zinfandel from Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $14 and available for as low as $11. 1,900 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Vinum Cellars is a small California winery well known for producing wines of the highest quality. The grapes are selected from premium coastal and cool climate growing areas within California. The wines are made by hand in small batches to allow the varietal character of each wine to express itself.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Vinum Cellars Paso Robles California Zinfandel begins with aromas of ripe, jammy, sour berry fruit along with hints of anise and leather. Tasting the wine reveals more juicy and jammy fruit including blueberry, blackberry and strawberry rhubarb. This is not an over the top Zin (thus only 13.5% alcohol), but has a soft, easy to drink mouthfeel with a nice bit of spicy black pepper underneath. It ends with sour fruit and a bit of bramble and has good length.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130520"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Vinum Cellars California Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/vinum-cellars-paso-robles-california-zinfandel.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
847,"   Easy to drink and easy to find, both of these wines are an easy choice.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Black Stallion Estate Winery Cabernet Sauvignon 2011 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Today weve got two delightful picks for you from Santa Barbara County in the southern part of the Californias Central Coast.    Up first is the 2012 Byron Santa Barbara County Chardonnay which is 100% Chardonnay aged in 100% French oak. It has an SRP of $17 and is available widely for as low as $12. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""You are here. Thats the beautiful thing about wine -- it can transport you halfway around the globe. In this case, here is Santa Barbara, a region that Byron helped pioneer decades ago. This Chardonnay is lush with notes of citrus, honey and brown spice.  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Byron Santa Barbara County Chardonnay begins with nice, fresh aromas of pear, green apple, a little spice and fig. This is quite a tasty wine with nice tangy citrus fruit, a little baking spice, honey and mineral notes. Light buttery notes lead into the finish. This one was aged in 100% French oak which is usually not my favorite style but I gotta admit this is a very nice, basic Chardonnay that is sure to please.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Next is the 2012 Byron Santa Barbara County Pinot Noir which is 100% Pinot Noir aged for 8 months in 100% French oak. It has an SRP of $20 and is available widely for as low as $15. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""You are here. Thats the beautiful thing about wine -- it can transport you halfway around the globe. In this case, here is Santa Barbara, a region that Byron helped pioneer decades ago. This Pinot Noir is provocative with notes of rose petal, red plum and smoke.  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Byron Santa Barbara County Pinot Noir begins with aromas of red and black cherry, strawberry, a little spice box and earth. Its quite good and its best after a couple hours of air. Tasting the wine reveals lots of juicy fruit plus a nice earthy and spicy streak that adds a lot of character. Smooth and delicious with good acidity, this is a very accessible wine. Secondary notes of oak, cola, licorice and a hint of tobacco lead into the dry, long, dark fruit and black pepper filled finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5OverallRating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
848,"   Who says you cant drink white wine in winter?   70% Moschofilero and 30% Viognier from Peloponnese, Greece.  $11.99 exclusively at Whole Foods Market. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Made with 70 percent Moschofilero and 30 percent Viognier, this medium-bodied white has aromas of ripe apricot and orange peel and a clean, crisp finish.  12.5% Alcohol""After long lamenting the lack of availability of wines made from the delicious Moschofilero grape from Greece, along comes a great one thats widely available at Whole Foods Market for just $12! (Granted it is 30% Viognier, but Ill take it.) And while it may be winter, that doesnt mean you cant drink white wine. Check out our Top 10 White Wines Under $20 - Winter Edition for ten more delicious selections you can drink anytime of the year or just pick up a bottle of todays wine.  The 2012 Domaine Skouras Anassa White Blend begins with pleasant and even a bit zesty aroma of citrus and stone fruit. Tasting the wine reveals great flavors of citrus and apple along with some nice mineral undertones. The wine has a soft and round texture and ends clean, tart and tasty. A very interesting white wine with a lot of different flavors that gets even better as you drink it.  Available exclusively at Whole Foods Market.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140113"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Skouras Anassa"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/skouras-anassa.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
849,"   Plus a secret to make your leftover sparkling wine last longer!   100% Brachetto from Piemonte, Italy. Includes a review of the CapaBubbles sparkling wine re-sealer.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Laetitia Winery NADIA Cabernet Sauvignon 2012 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   SRP of $20 and available for as low as $11, but more commonly around $13. Sample submitted for review. Imported by Terlato Wines. 8,800 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""The moment you pop the cork, a sparkling mist fills your nose with the captivating scent of candied rose petals. 56 million bubbles race up as you pour your first glass of Fizz56. Flavors of strawberry, cherry and raspberry dance on the tip of your tongue as you savor your first sip. As an aperitif or a complement to dessert, this Italian Brachetto is an irresistibly delicious way to celebrate any occasion.  7% Alcohol""I love trying new grapes and I also love Italian wines, especially those from the Piedmont area. So when those two things combine, my ears definitely perk up up. However todays wine offers a completely different side of Piedmont than you may be used to.   Brachetto is a black-skinned grape found pretty much exclusively in Piedmont. The grape is almost always made into a sweet, low-alcohol sparkling wine often associated with Valentines Day.   Before we get to the review of the Fizz 56 however, lets get serious for a minute and touch on one of the great dilemmas of mankind. OK, perhaps its not a dilemma for all of mankind but it definitely is a pressing issue for sparkling wine lovers: Should you open a bottle if you cant drink the whole thing?  Unlike most whites and red wines, trying to make sparkling wine last even one day in the fridge is almost always unsuccessful which invariably means you just wasted a bunch of bubbly -- not to mention a bunch of money. Well, it appears that the good folks over at CapaBunga have changed that with their CapaBubbles sparkling wine re-sealer.      Make your sparkling wine last longer.   CapaBubbles works by forming an airtight seal around sparkling wine bottles. I have to admit that I was skeptical this would actually work, but I gave it a try with todays wine and I was rather shocked by the results. After our initial tasting I sealed the bottle with the CapaBubbles and stuck it in the fridge. Four days later, and prepared to be disappointed, I opened it back up with a surprising and satisfyingly loud ""POP""! Upon pouring the glass immediately filled with frothy bubbles. And most surprisingly sampling the wine showed that it tasted pretty much exactly as it did on day 1! This is definitely a device well be using a lot and at just $16 its a must have for sparkling wine lovers. (Buy it from Amazon here.) Now on to the wine...  The Fizz 56 Brachetto Spumante Sparkling Red begins with a fresh, enticing aroma full of strawberry, raspberry, a little blackberry and some nice floral notes. Tasting reveals a sweet and fizzy berry bomb! Despite the 80 grams/liter of residual sugar, the wine is not cloying but rather refreshing and fun to drink thanks to the good acidity and the ""56 million bubbles in every bottle"". It ends clean, fresh and tasty. This is definitely a different side of Piedmont and perhaps even evidence that Barolo aficionados and sweet wine lovers can coexist happily together.  This wine is also a great choice for fans of another Italian red sparkling wine we reviewed last year, the Roscato Rosso Dolce.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140903"",  ""title"" : ""Fizz 56 Brachetto Spumante Sparkling Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/09/fizz-56-brachetto-spumante-sparkling-red.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
850,"  A blend of Nerello Mascalese and Prosecco sparkling wine from Valdobbiadene, Italy.  SRP of $14 and available widely for $12. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""Valdos Philosophy: ""Prosecco"" is the distinguishing factor on the regional level - refined aromas, balance and overall quality are the key features Valdo focuses on to produce unique and unrivaled products.  The Spumante Rosé is created from the perfect blend of two typical Italian vines, the Sicilian black berry Nerello Mascalese, from Sambuca, Sicily in the province of Argiento which is 300 metres above sea level, and Glera, the fruity grapes from the Veneto region in the province of Trevisco at 80 metres above sea level. The vineyard that grows the Nerello Mascalese has clay and limestone soil and the Glera vineyard is alluvial clay.  12.0% Alcohol""The Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé begins with light aromas of strawberry, raspberry and pear along with some floral notes. The wine tastes fruity featuring pear, strawberry and apple flavors along with some additional doughy notes (yeast) and good bubbles. It ends with a nice, easy finish. Overall a really nice rosé option for a sparkling wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111207"",  ""title"" : ""Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines Reviewed in the Holiday Sparklers Series Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine Valdo Prosecco Brut DOC Lucien Albrecht Crémant dAlsace Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Rosado Brut Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut Segura Viudas Brut Reserva Paul Cheneau Lady of Spain Cava Brut Freixenet Elyssia Pinot Noir Brut Rosé Valdo Nerello Mascalese Brut Rosé Freixenet Cordon Negro Brut Lucien Albrecht Blanc de Blancs Cremant dAlsace Brut Segura Viudas Brut Rosé "
851,"  80% Negroamaro and 20% Malvasia Nera from Italy. Available for $5.99 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle: A blend of Negroamaro 80% and Malvasia Nera 20%. Intense ruby red in color with orange reflections on the outside rim of the wine. Intense and persistent aromas of red, woodsy berries. On the palate the wine is dry, well balanced, and full bodied with a long finish. Serve at room temperature with rustic meat dishes. 13% alcohol.This wine has blackberry and plum notes on the nose, a bit oaky and acidic on the palate, with a medium-long dry finish. Not fantastic, but pretty interesting in that it exhibits this much complexity at only $5.99. If it had less oak it could be really good. Another solid offering from Epicuro.   This was the first time Ive had Negroamaro, which is grown in the heel of Italy. Makes me wonder how many other little known Italian grapes are out there -- maybe well have to do a first hand investigation some day!  This wine also gave us a chance to try out our new Vinturi Wine Aerator, an accessory Ive heard much about but hadnt yet tried. Well have more to come on this in a future post, but I can say at this point that I think well be using the Vinturi a lot!   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110308"",  ""title"" : ""Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva 2006"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
852,"  Verbatim from the bottle (typos and all):  Grapes: Nero dAvola 100% Production area: South-western Sicily. Lots of berry character with soft tannins and lightly jammy finish. Pair with red sauced dishes and grilled meats.This wine is 13% alcohol and is another imported by DAquino Italian Importers. Like many of the other wines from DAquino at Trader Joes this wine is not listed on the DAquino website.  Im sure this wine would be tremendous if you drank it in its natural surroundings of Sicily and my wife and I are hoping to get the chance to do that when the kids are a little older. Still, even in the dead of winter in Minnesota when we drank it, it wasnt bad. It exhibits a strong cherry flavor (maybe even a slight tinge of Cherry Robitussin), but that actually paired well with the delicious spicy sausage penne my wife made for dinner. While this one should probably get a 5 rating on the taste scale, Im going to bump it up to 6 because it will make a great pairing with tomato sauces and therefore deserves an overall BUY rating. At only $4.99 at Trader Joes this makes the perfect pairing with pepperoni pizza! In fact, Im going to pick up another bottle for our next pizza night. If youre looking for a wine to drink on its own, Id probably pass this one by.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110214"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Archeo Nero dAvola"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
853," Another good pizza wine for just $5.99 from Trader Joes.   From the bottle: This red wine shows intense blackberry and cherry notes harmoniously exalted by a light spicy background. Smooth and velvety with a firm backbone. Perfect at 18° with red meat, ham, and mature cheeses.Harmoniously exalted? I dont know about that but this was pretty good, with the notes of blackberry definitely coming through. This was our first Anglianico and Ill definitely be looking for more. I think this compares favorably with the Archeo Nero dAvola when pairing with a pizza, but we both thought this wine was slightly better on its own.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110216"",  ""title"" : ""Epicuro Aglianico Beneventano IGT 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
854,"  100% Garnacha. SRP of $1.50 (!?!) but youll probably have trouble finding this one.   Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.   From the winemaker: ""Since 1951 the growers in Cascante decided to get together and form Nuestra Señora del Romero, the winery has never stopped growing and developing. In keeping with this in 1982 the Los Arcos project was integrated into the winery and in 1993 it was joined with Sesma. The winery is equipped with the most advanced technology and has obtained the International Food Standard Certificate (IFS), one of the first to do so in Spain in 2004. 13.5% alcohol""Yes, $1.50 is the SRP I was given from Wines of Navarra, but really at anything under $5 this is a steal and blows away anything else in that price range (including 3 Buck Chuck). Im not saying this wine is great by any stretch, just a great value for less than $5 and the type of wine that Trader Joes is known for so Im hoping they pick this one up.  The 2008 Malón de Echaide Tinto Roble has aromas of herbs, leather, dark black fruit, and smoke. This is a simple wine that is meaty and bit rough, with syrupy dark fruit flavors. Theres not much of a finish really but what do expect for $1.50? Overall this is surprisingly drinkable Garnacha for the price.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110802"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Malón de Echaide Tinto Roble"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
855,"  90% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Grenache. SRP of $10 but available for as low as $5 if you buy the 3.0L box for $20 (equivalent of 4 bottles).   Sample received courtesy Big House Wine Company for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Psst, wise guy! Dont let the name fool you, this aint your typical yappin-his-mouth Cab. Its saucy with a beezer of black currants and mocha that lead to dark berries and fresh plums, a true bomba de fruta. It would be a crime to mistake this wine for Bordelaise kin; he is much more volatile, which is why hes no good with food. Eh, hes especially fond of burgers or ribs. 13.5% Alochol.""Fresh off of reviewing another Cabernet Sauvignon (the 2008 Hess Select) comes the 2009 Big House The Usual Suspect Cabernet Sauvignon. And while this is the same variety at the Hess Select, it is a very different wine. Its also about half the price.  The 2009 Big House The Usual Suspect Cabernet Sauvignon has inviting aromas of plum, dark fruit, black currants, and a tiny bit of pepper and vanilla. This is a jammy wine with plum, black currants, and coffee flavors. Nice tannins on the slightly bitter finish make good counterpart to the jammy fruit. A simple wine that would probably be at its best paired with red meat off the grill. The wine held up fine on day 2. A taste rating of 6/10, but the super low price means this one still gets an Overall Rating of ""Buy"".  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110809"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Big House The Usual Suspect Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
856," Is the Roman Empire on the decline, or is the rest of the world just catching up?   $4.99 exclusively at Trader Joes. 34% Zinfandel, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon, 16% Petite Sirah, 15% Merlot, 5% Sangiovese.  The label gives no info on this wine, so lets go to the winemaker:Youthful bright ruby color with forward red cherry and plum aromas. There is a floral component reminiscent of roses or gardenias that is accented with sandalwood, black tea leaves and pencil shavings. The flavors remain true to the intriguing bouquet with mouth-filling fruit and a bit of white pepper on the long, lingering finish. Tannins are sweet and present enough to provide for some aging, but this wine is meant to be consumed while it is young and fresh.  As spring is upon us and the weather is more conducive to outdoor activities, this wine is the perfect accompaniment to the first barbecue of the season. It is a great match with grilled chicken or tri-tip and I cannot imagine a better wine to drink with a cheeseburger. It even went well with jalepeno jelly glazed salmon that I roasted last night!This is a legendary wine that helped elevate Trader Joes beyond Two Buck Chuck, but one that Im experiencing for the first time. Based on past reports comparing this to a $50 wine, it has definitely fallen off; however, that doesnt mean this is a bad wine. The 2009 Chariot Gypsy starts off fruity and sweet followed by some spice and maybe even a bit of cranberry. Really nothing not to like here. My only complaint is that theres really no finish, it just kind of disappears, but overall an easy wine to drink.  This wine reminds me of another inexpensive red blend at Trader Joes currently, the Tres Pinos Cuvée (also $4.99), although maybe a little smoother. And herein lies the good news. Trader Joes (and other stores) stock a whole bunch of sub-$10 wines right now that are as good or better than this one (and Im giving this wine a Buy rating). The category has really blossomed in the last few years, which means its a great time to be a wine drinker. Whether or not the Gypsy has really fallen off, or the everyone else has just gotten better Im not sure, but Im guessing its some of both.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110331"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Chariot Gypsy"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
857,"  The 2009 Chiusa Grande Montepulciano dAbruzzo Tommolo comes from Trader Joes and is just $5.99. The bottle says it is made with organic grapes, which seems rather incredible for the price point. The wine is imported by DAquino Italian Importing, but the wine is not listed on their website. (This is the same importer for a number of other wines exclusive to Trader Joes and most of those are not listed on their site either.) There is a Tommolo Montepulciano dAbruzzo listed on the Chiusa Grande website showing a different label, although it sounds like the same wine.  Montepulciano dabruzzo is made from the Montepulciano grape in Italy. The DAbruzzo region is one of the more popular for this grape.  We found this to be a very nice, easy to drink wine. At $5.99 it is a great value. The taste was by no means remarkable, yet quite pleasant with a fruity (but not overwhelmingly so) flavor. This one will hold up very nicely with tomato sauces making it an affordable pairing for Italian dishes.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110212"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Chiusa Grande Montepulciano dAbruzzo Tommolo"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
858," [Check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.   Today is the last day of our Trader Joes Week reviews and so we turn to a trio of reliably good, always cheap and almost always available Trader Joes exclusive wines.   First up is the 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, a wine that has rabid fans among Trader Joes devotees. It is such a reliable seller that the stores in my area have to re-stock this wine more than once a day. The wine is a blend of 61% Zinfandel, 17% Cabernet Franc, 12% Merlot, 6% Petite Verdot and 4% Petite Sirah from California. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $7.99.   From the bottle: ""Weve blended our favorite Bordeaux style varietals into a rich, silky wine with a soft, luxurious finish. Delight in aromas of ripe cherries and hints of sumptuous mocha that will fill your senses. Pair with roasted lamb or mint coulis or even a dark chocolate souffle to deliver that zen moment we all need.   Nirvana in a glass.  12.5% Alcohol""This wine is made by Georgetta Dane who took over the winemaking duties at The Big House after Randall Grahm left. (Hes now with Bonny Doon Vineyards.) And even though this is not my favorite type of wine (a sweet red) it is well made and should be well appreciated by fans of this style.   The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine begins with a heady aroma full of oaky notes -- vanilla, caramel and chocolate -- plus red cherry and blackberry fruit. The wine tastes smooth and sweet with similar flavors to the nose. Its easy to see why this wine is so popular as it is both easy to drink and very flavorful. The finish is medium-short and full of more sweet oak. This is a wine that should appeal greatly to all the Apothic Red fans out there.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next up is a wine that has seen moments of greatness, the 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33. We were huge fans of the 2008 vintage but the 2009 vintage let us down. Thats one of the characteristics that makes these Trader Joes wine classics -- while every vintage is reliably good for the price, every few years they hit one out of the park and really reinforce their cult status.  As always this wine is a blend of 33% Cabernet Sauvignon, 33% Merlot and 33% Montepulciano from Apulia, Italy. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $5.99.   From the bottle: ""This unique wine comes from the Apulia Region located in the depth of Southern Italy. The blend is an equal amount of three different varietals. Cabernet Sauvignon 33,3%, Merlot 33,3%, and Montepulciano 33,4% collectively aged six months in oak barrels, hence the name ""Trentatre"" which in Italian means Thirtythree. The color is a deep purple-red with a pleasant fruity nose with hints of plum, cherry, and chocolate. Full bodied, it has a supple finish with soft tannins. Enjoy it with pasta, pizza, grilled meats, seasoned cheese...or even on its own!  14.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 begins with pleasant aromas of plum and a little smoke. Tasting the wine reveals sour fruit, lots of oak, a little licorice and a smooth texture, but thats about it for this relatively simple wine. The finish is dry and of medium length. While its certainly good enough for only $5.99 its not the same as the vaunted 2008 (and 2007) vintages.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva which is a blend of 80% Negroamaro and 20% Malvasia Nera from Salice Salentino, Apulia, Italy. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $5.99. There are number of different Epicuro wines including a Nero dAvola and a Primitivo, but this seems to the one that is most well liked year in and year out. We last reviewed the 2006 vintage of this wine.  From the bottle: ""A blend of Negroamaro 80% and Malvasia Nera 20%. Intense ruby red in color with orange reflections on the outside rim of the wine. Intense and persistent aromas of red, woodsy berries. On the palate the wine is dry, well balanced, and full bodied with a long finish. Serve at room temperature with rustic meat dishes.   13% Alcohol.""The 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva begins with pleasant aromas of ripe red berries, licorice and oak. Youll want to give this one some time to breathe before tasting as the oak is a bit overwhelming at first. Once it has some air, there is a lot to enjoy here with the flavors in the mouth similar to the nose. Pair it with a pizza or pasta in red sauce to get the maximum enjoyment out of it.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Wine in the Trader Joes Week series: Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #1.  Plus The Trader Joes Pricing Strategy Revealed!  Cheap and Refreshing White Wines - Trader Joes Week Wines #2 and #3 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana 2009 - Trader Joes Week Wine #4. A perfect partner for a pizza! Pontificis GSM Blend 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #5. A GSM blend for the masses!  Brunello and Barbaresco On The Cheap - Trader Joes Week Wines #6 and #7. The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  TJs Classics - Trader Joes Week Wines #8, #9 and #10. The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.  Also be sure to check our Costco Week series for another source of great, inexpensive and widely available wine!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+ to get more content like this: (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
859," The Farm delivers another nice wine at a very nice price.  $4.99 from Trader Joes. 50% Garnacha, 50% Tempranillo  From the bottle:La Granja 360, means in Spanish ""The Farm 360"". It is located in a traditional Tempranillo and Garnacha grape growing wine region in the North of Spain. Now our farm has this very exotic animal to accompany the other members of the family. Cherry red colour of red fruity aromas. Full of flavor and a velvet finish due to the 2 months of oak aging. A great match with grilled red meats, pastas, pizzas and manchego cheese. 13.5% AlcoholI previously reviewed the La Granja Syrah (Rooster) and found it quite drinkable. Now we come to the Zebra, and I liked this even a little bit more.  The 2009 La Granja Tempranillo and Garnacha has an earthy nose (in a good way). It tastes of raspberry with nice mellow tannins. Overall drinkable and smooth, although the finish is just OK. This one will get a buy rating, but is a little disappointing as it is close to being really good but just not quite there. Also, it is much better on day 1. It got syrupy on day 2 even though it was sealed with the Vacu Vin. I also picked up a bottle of 2009 La Granja Tempranillo (pig) so that review is still to come which will complete our eclectic collection of farm animals.  One other note, in talking to Louis Geirnaerdt, the founder of axialvinos.com on twitter (@louisgeirnaerdt), the upcoming 2010 vintage is one to watch, as he tweeted to me when I asked him about the 2010s: Knock down. Honestly, all 010 leap q-wise over the 09s. More depth, concentration but also balance & elegance.Im hoping that is indeed the case, as I saw glimmers of a really great wine for $4.99 in this one. Looking forward to giving those a try!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110414"",  ""title"" : ""2009 La Granja 360 Cariñena Tempranillo Garnacha"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
860,"  $4.99 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle: La Granja 360, means in Spanish ""The Farm 360"". The region is located in the north of Spain. A new plantation of the Syrah grape. We are happy we can present you more animals from our farm, especially this one, which brings us more matches for the day to day.  Deep dark red, plenty of fruit to taste, blackberry primarily. A medium bodied wine, juicy with balanced tannins. A great match with spicy Mexican food, oven cooked white meat or that typical Spanish meal. Makes perfect sense right? Lets see if Trader Joes can add some more info: Focused on the fruit, this bottle presents a clean, direct, expressive Syrah. Co-op produced from dry-farmed fruit in Cariñena, one of the oldest protected growing areas in Europe, this 100% Syrah is juicy (not jammy, like many New World Syrahs). Its ripe with blackberry-fresh-off-the-bramble flavor with hints of dried herbs and well-balanced tannins. And as the label of the rooster with the golden egg portends, this wine is provocatively irreverant... it keeps you pouring.  La Granja 360 literally translates to ""The Farm 360."" Its crafted in a manner intended to be simple and direct. But as the roosters stare silently states, there is ""golden-egg"" value in that.  Country of Origin: Spain Region: Aragon Sub-Region: Cariñena Style: Fruity, expressive, irreverent Appearance: Rooster red Aroma: Blackberry, plum, dried herbs Taste: Juicy fruit - no wood - lively acidity & balanced tannins Varietals: 100% Syrah Vinification: 100% Stainless Steel Alcohol: 13.8% by Vol Pairing Suggestions: Paella, Manchego, Parmesan, Mozzarella, Marcona Almonds, BBQd meat, Pizza, Burger, Spaghetti with Meat Sauce, Wry wit, A Sense of Humor The 2009 La Granja 360 Syrah exhibits notes of blackberry and plum, just as stated above. It is fairly smooth but not very complex. Overall, a simple wine that is somewhat thin and missing the pepper common to many Syrahs, but is an easy drinker nonetheless.  A golden egg? Probably not, but a good buy for $5.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110328"",  ""title"" : ""2009 La Granja Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
861," Grill? Check. Good friends? Check. A big, juicy steak? Check. Whats missing?   SRP is $10, but Ive seen this one as low as $6-$7. Sample received courtesy Cecchetti Wine Company for review purposes.   From the bottle:The North Coast of the California wine growing region is located on the 39th parallel. Many of the great wine growing regions of the world are found along this line. The North Coast features some of the best conditions for producing some of the finest wine harvests. 14.5% Alcohol  ""North Coast grapes are perfect for my style of Petite Sirah. A zesty mix of cherries and tannins enhanced by a trace of oak and tobacco. --- Salut!"" Bob Broman, winemakerThe 2009 Line 39 Petite Sirah exhibits ripe fruit, plum, and even a bit of melon on the nose. It tastes of blackberry and fruit flavors with a little vanilla and oak (maybe a tad too much oak). This wine needs some time to open up as the finish is a bit sour at first, but it improved pretty quickly and we found it to be even better on day 2. Not an overly complex wine, but one that almost feels like it was built to pair with a steak. I recommend you do just that.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110516"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Line 39 Petite Sirah North Coast"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
862,"  Primarily Merlot along with some added Zinfandel and Syrah from California.  SRP of $12 and available for as low as $6, but widely available closer to $8. Sample received courtesy E.&J. Gallo Winery for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Offering fresh fruit flavors of dark plum, cherry and blackberry, balanced with elegant toasty aromas and hints of spice. Mirassou Merlot is a bright expression of Californias most celebrated growing regions.  This wine pairs beautifully with grilled red meats or pizza and embodies the optimistic spirit passed down through six generations of Americas oldest winemaking family. Enjoy!  13.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Mirassou Merlot begins with aromas of plum, blackberry, a little bit of spice and a dash of vanilla. Theres nothing overly complex here, just a smooth and fruity wine with some toasty oak and a bit of brown sugar and spice. The dry finish has a bit of caramel and butterscotch to it from the oak plus the dark fruit flavors and a tiny dash of spice. Overall, an easy sipper that makes a great party wine.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111216"",  ""title"" : ""Mirassou Merlot 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
863," Another inexpensive red blend from Trader Joes.   2009 Tres Pinos San Luis Obispo County Three Pines Cuvée Red Wine, $4.99 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle:Three Pines Cuvée Red is a blend of Syrah, Zinfandel, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot. San Luis Obispo County is located along Californias beautiful coast. Its a big, jammy wine thats bursting with black cherry and raspberry flavors. Enjoy Three Pines Cuvée Red with all your favorite pasta dishes, risottos, grilled meats, and flavorful cheeses.   13.5% alcohol We found the Three Pines Cuvée to be a good wine for the price, but nothing all that special. It exhibited jammy, cherry notes on the nose, followed by some coarse tannins with a bit of spice, but it was a bit watery as well. It also has a little bit of heat, which seems odd since it is only 13% alcohol. The finish is on the dry side with a really slight tobacco like taste which I did not like, but it was almost unnoticeable so not a big deal. Overall, simple and easy to drink at $4.99. It seemed smoother on day two so I would run this one through the Vinturi before drinking.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110314"",  ""title"" : ""2009 San Antonio Winery Tres Pinos Three Pines Cuvée"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
864,"  76% Zinfandel, 17% Petite Sirah and 7% Syrah from California.  SRP of $9 and available for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy Balzac Communications for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""For people who appreciate wine without the pretense, Smoking Loon is the full-bodied California varietal wine that celebrates independent character and a Bohemian personality by going beyond a single plot of land or chateau, to explore the best vineyards in each vintage through our negociant relationships.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine, while technically a Zinfandel, barely meets that criteria clocking in at 76% Zinfandel. Its rounded out with Syrah and Petite Syrah in a very nice and sweet combination. Much like the Apothic Red, some of that sweetness is covered up by the oak and tannins.   The 2009 Smoking Loon Old Vine Zinfandel begins with spicy red berry notes and leather along with a good dose of menthol. The wine tastes simple and sweet with sweet blackberry and raspberry plus a nice layer of spice. Very mild tannins make it easy to drink. The finish has good length and features more fruit and spice with some oak showing through. If youre a fan of sweeter reds, youll find a lot to like here.   Also check out our reviews of Smoking Loon Merlot and Pinot Noir.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120801"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Smoking Loon Old Vine Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
865," Two Cabernet Sauvignons from Napa Valley. One, a 2008. The other, a 2009. One comes from Costco while the challenger hails from Trader Joes. Both are under $15, but which do we prefer? Read on...  First up is the 2008 Kirkland Signature Cabernet Sauvignon from Costco for $12.99.   This wine is actually a blend of 82.3% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10.1% Merlot, and 7.6% Petit Verdot. From Costco: The Cabernet Sauvignon grapes provide deep colors, as well as black currant-cassis notes with impeccable balance and grace, and layered aromas of blackberry with plum, all followed by complex flavors of dark fruit, cherry and cocoa. The Merlot introduces supple tannins and red fruit notes, which are highlighted by the deeper, brooding fruit of Petit Verdot. Careful maturation in French oak barrels add sweet, toasty notes. The challenger is the 2009 Spiral Wines Cabernet Sauvignon from Trader Joes for just $4.99.   From the bottle (which says absolutely nothing about the wine itself): As humanitys oldest symbol the spiral represents eternal change, reminding us that life is not a straight line. It symbolizes new beginnings, renewal and hope for the future. Our wines are the celebration of our quest for growth and love for life. Ummm...OK. A $5 bottle of wine with a cutesy label doesnt sound promising.  So how do they compare? Both wines were good, solid Cabernets especially for the price. The Kirkland Signature was a tad bit smoother, but I thought the Spiral Wines Cab actually offered a bit more depth, which is amazing considering its only $4.99! The people at Trader Joes told me this has been an incredibly popular wine and they have trouble keeping it in stock. I can see why, but I dont think this wine is quite worthy of"
866," Its a wonderful time in history to be a consumer of wine. Case in point: The 2009 Trader Joes Tempranillo Petit Reserve is a wine I purchased in Minnesota made from a Spanish grape grown in California and sold by a Germany company. Whats most amazing is that you could say something similar about a ton of wines right now!   $5.99 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle: Our rendition of this native Spanish grape displays distinctive, focused aromas of blackberry and dried currant with a hint of smoke on the finish. 13.5% alcohol. Vinted and bottled by Trader Moon Wine Co.As mentioned above Tempranillo is a grape grown extensively in Spain but making a bit of headway in California as well. I think thats a good thing. We found the 2009 Trader Joes Tempranillo Petit Reserve to be smooth and fruity with notes of blackberry, although a bit on the tart side. Overall it was not very deep or complex but not bad. Another good option to rotate in as a daily drinker at only $5.99. If you do, you may want to filter it as ours had some sediment at the bottom of the bottle.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110306"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Trader Joes Tempranillo Petit Reserve"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
867,"  $5.99 at Trader Joes (Pictured: 2008 Trentatre Rosso Ratings Champion)  From the bottle: This unique wine comes from the Apulia Region located in the depth of Southern Italy. The blend is an equal amount of three different varietals. Cabernet Sauvignon 33,3%, Merlot 33,3%, and Montepulciano 33,4% collectively aged six months in oak barrels, hence the name ""Trentatre"" which in Italian means Thirtythree. The color is a deep purple-red with a pleasant fruity nose with hints of plum, cherry, and chocolate. Full bodied, it has a supple finish with soft tannins. Enjoy it with pasta, pizza, grilled meats, seasoned cheese...or even on its own!The moment I was dreading happened today. I stopped into Trader Joes to check out whats new (which wasnt much). As I usually do, I figured I would buy a few more bottles of our old faithful the 2008 Trentatre Rosso. When I got to that familiar spot on the shelf, my heart dropped. Nothing but 2009 in the front row. I scanned the back rows just to be sure and found one lonely bottle of the 2008 pushed off to the side. I quickly grabbed it along with a 2009 and went home. It could be just as good, right? Heck, its possible it could even be better! Still, I had a sinking feeling...so much so that I had a couple errands that took me by another Trader Joes later in the day. I stopped in hoping to find a case or two of the 2008, but alas, only 2009 at this store also.  Fast forward to tonight...I put the kids down for bed and decided to pop open the 2009. Since the 2008 was good right out of the bottle, I poured a glass for my wife and I and gave it a taste. ""Maybe it just needs to breathe a bit,"" I said to myself, ""its not really fair to judge it so quickly."" So I let it breathe. Tasted again. Let it breathe some more. Tasted again and the reality set in. This is no 2008. To be fair, its not horrible, but its lost a bunch of its smoothness. It still has some fruitiness to it, but after that the 2009 gets harsh, a bit sour, and shows some heat. The label lists the same alcohol content (exact same label actually except for the neck wrap with the vintage) but as I understand they are allowed a bit of leeway in the alcohol %, so Im guessing this vintage may be slightly higher than the 2008. There is also an oakiness coming through that I didnt taste in the previous vintage.  Its possible this wine is just too young and could benefit from some aging, but Im guessing there are going to be a lot of disappointed TJs drinkers in the next few weeks as they unwittingly pop open the 2009 expecting the same great experience as the 2008...  This is still a somewhat respectable wine for $5.99, but it just barely eeks out a Buy rating (and that may be generous). If youre lucky enough to have the 2008 still in stock at your Trader Joes, buy as much as you can!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110312"",  ""title"" : ""Trentatre Rosso 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
868,"  76% Zinfandel, 10% Petite Sirah, 3.5% Alicante Bouschet, 3.5% Cabernet Sauvignon, 2% Merlot and 5% other complementary varieties from Lodi, California.  SRP of $7.99 but available widely for as low as $5.99. Sample received courtesy Folsom PR for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Our Zinfandels deep berry character is infused with delicious, peppery notes -- a unique Zin personality trait. We love this wine with marinated flank steak and grilled vegetables. Believing that wine should be an integral part of life, Robert Mondavi founded Woodbridge Winery in 1979 to make fine wines for every occasion. He returned to his childhood roots in Lodi, California to craft wines using his signature techniques that combine rich tradition with state-of-the-art innovation.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Zinfandel begins with aromas of sweet blackberry and raspberry plus a little spice and pepper. This smooth, medium-bodied wine exhibits similar flavors as the nose when tasting: sweet berries plus minor notes of spice and vanilla. The wine has a small amount of spicy tannins on the medium-short finish. Overall not very complex and not much depth but still good and easy to drink.  Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi wine reviewed to date: 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Cabernet/Merlot - Easy-Going and Adaptable 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Moscato - An Easy Choice 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Pinot Grigio - A Simple and Refreshing Party Wine Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine - Holiday Sparklers Wine #1 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut - Holiday Sparklers Wine #5   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111105"",  ""title"" : ""Woodbridge Zinfandel by Robert Mondavi 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
869,"  $3.99 from Trader Joes.  From the bottle:The vineyards of Finca La Celia lie in the foothills of the Argentine Andes.   Stunning purple color. Its bouquet is intense, rich in blackcurrant, vanilla and spices. On the palate the soft and succulent ripe fruits follow through with a surprising delicacy. The tannins are silky, coming subtly from the forefront and giving a lingering finish. This wine has been aged in oak barrels for 3 months.  This is a wine to enjoy with meat dishes and pasta with meat and tomato sauces.   13% alcoholI originally bought a bottle of this wine at the end of last year, at which time it came with the purple and black label. Sometime early this spring the label switched to the white version; however, pretty much all of the info including the upc code is the same, with the primary exception of the line in italics noting the 3 months in oak barrels. I didnt drink the bottles at the same time, but the wine appeared to be unchanged, and if it was changed, it didnt affect my rating, as I rated both the same. On to the rating then...  I put off tasting this wine for quite awhile (thus the change in labels) as I have not had good luck with Malbec at Trader Joes as of late, but I have to say, it surprised me a little. The nose is a bit mossy/grassy but also has some berry and a whiff of vanilla. This is a pretty simple wine, with some black cherry and blackberry flavors and light tannins. Theres no harshness at all and is fairly smooth. Theres nothing objectionable here, but theres also not a whole lot of anything. The 2010 La Finca Malbec  would be a good wine to serve to occasional wine drinkers, but wont satisfy anyone looking for a bigger, more complex wine. It exceeds expectations for a $3.99 wine, but not by a huge amount (thus the $4.50 joke at the top of the post.) However, the low price definitely helps its rating and allows it to just eek out a buy rating.  Also, Id be careful about future vintages on this one. Looking at the notes on cellartracker.com the quality of this wine appears to vary quite a bit by vintage, and can be quite miserable, so buyer beware when the 2011 vintage arrives.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110412"",  ""title"" : ""2010 La Finca La Celia Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
870,"  100% Pinot Grigio from California. SRP of $7 but widely available for $6.  Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Light-bodied, refreshing Pinot Grigio with tropical citrus, ripe pear and a zesty clean finish.  Balanced crisp acidity pairs well with bruschetta, spaghetti carbonara or eggplant parmesan.  Serve chilled now or store away from direct sunlight for up to 1 year after purchase.  13.0% Alcohol""This is the second FlipFlop Wine we are reviewing after previously enjoying the $6 2010 FlipFlop Pinot Noir, something we werent sure was possible with the somewhat inflated prices of Pinot Noir thanks to its popularity. Tomorrow we will review the FlipFlop Riesling, but today we turn to the FlipFlop Pinot Grigio -- a popular variety but one that oftentimes leaves me wishing for a little more substance.  The 2010 FlipFlop Pinot Grigio has aromas of citrus, pear, a little honey and some grapefruit. The wine tastes of citrus, pear, peach, and guava. This is a light and crisp wine that is not too sweet but sweet enough. The wine has good acidity all the way thru and ends on the tart side with grapefruit flavors. I dont think it changed my general impression of this variety, but overall this a nice expression of the grape and very affordable.   Also check out our review of the 2010 FlipFlop Moscato.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110825"",  ""title"" : ""2010 FlipFlop Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
871,"  100% Riesling from Washington. SRP of $7 but widely available for $6.   Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Medium-bodied, complex Riesling with peach, apricot and melon which leads to a satisfying, smooth finish.  Tropical notes and sweet aromas pair well with tofu stir-fry, shredded pork tacos and sashimi.  Serve chilled now or store away from direct sunlight for up to 1 year after purchase.  12.0% Alcohol""We previously reviewed the 2010 FlipFlop Pinot Noir and the 2010 Pinot Grigio and came away impressed with what they deliver at this low price point. Today were tasting a third FlipFlop wine, the Riesling.   The 2010 FlipFlop Riesling has aromas of honey dew melon, apple, and apricot. When tasting these same flavors come through as well as some cantaloupe, pear, and a touch of pineapple. This is a very sweet wine which would make it a great match for spicy food or you could almost drink it as a dessert wine. The FlipFlop Riesling is medium-bodied with a full mouthfeel. It could use a little higher acidity to cut through the sweetness, but if you like sweet wines youll likely enjoy this one quite a bit. Otherwise, pair it with spicy food and itll be great. A surprisingly good Riesling for the price.  If you liked the sweetness level in this wine, also be sure to check out the FlipFlop Moscato.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110826"",  ""title"" : ""2010 FlipFlop Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
872,"  100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Mendoza, Argentina. Organic.  SRP of $11 but I was able to find this one for as low as $6. Sample received courtesy Winesellers Ltd. for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Santa Julia Organica is symbolic of our respect and care for the natural environment of Mendoza, the home of the company since its founding in 1963. Today, a third generation of family winemakers continue their mission through many programs that benefit the land and the community.  100% Organically grown grapes. Social welfare programs. Energy conservation. Use of green fertilizers. Wildlife preservation. Vineyard irrigation from pure mountain water and water recycling programs.  This Cabernet Sauvignon is full of black cherry, currant and plum flavors with a touch of spiciness. This wine would pair well with red meats, firm cheeses and pastas with red sauce.  13.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the Santa Julia brand of wines from Familia Zuccardi. Weve reviewed several of their Malbecs in the past as well as a Torrontés and enjoyed them all. Our favorite so far has been the Santa Julia[+] Malbec which received a bulk buy rating, but weve also enjoyed the Reserva Malbec as well as the Organica. Todays wine also comes from the Organica line but is the first Cabernet Sauvignon weve tried from Santa Julia. (We will also be reviewing the [+] and Reserva Cabernet Sauvignon wines.)  The 2010 Santa Julia Organica Cabernet Sauvignon has a wonderful fruity nose of blackberry and black cherry along with a little bit of spice. The wine tastes of smooth fruit plus some oaky tannins. The fruit flavors linger on the sour finish. Really pretty nice but I would have liked it even more without the the sour notes on the finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111229"",  ""title"" : ""Santa Julia Organica Cabernet Sauvignon 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
873,"  76% Pinot Grigio, 21% aromatic white varieties, 3% Sauvignon Blanc. SRP of $8, but available for as low as $6.  Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Light and silky, our Pinot Grigio displays charming fruit and floral notes. The crisp, dry flavors make this wine food-friendly and delightful for sipping. Believing that wine should be an integral part of life, Robert Mondavi founded Woodbridge winery in 1979 to make fine wines for every occasion. He returned to his childhood roots in historic Lodi, California to craft wines using his signature techniques that combine rich tradition with state-of-the-art innovation.  12.0% Alcohol""An interesting blend on this one with 76% Pinot Grigio and 21% ""aromatic white varieties"". The labeling laws in the U.S. state that a wine must be at least 75% of that varietal to be labeled as such, so this one just barely meets that distinction.   The 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Pinot Grigio exhibits aromas of citrus, apple and some floral notes. The wine tastes of citrus, predominantly lemon/lime and apple, and has a bit of minerality to go along with the lightly sweet taste. This is a light wine thats maybe a bit thin, but still quite nice. There is a little zest on the finish which also lasts longer than I was expecting.   Its hard to tell exactly what the 21% aromatic white varieties add, but it doesnt seem to change the character of the wine all that much -- it still tastes like a Pinot Grigio to me. Im guessing the floral notes on the nose come from this aromatic blend, and perhaps that also attributes to a little bit of the thin character of the wine. Overall a simple but refreshing wine that would be a safe bet to serve at a party with a lot of varied palates.  Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi wine reviewed to date: 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Cabernet/Merlot - Easy-Going and Adaptable 2009 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Zinfandel - A Fine Wine For $5.99 2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Moscato - An Easy Choice Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Extra Dry Sparkling Wine - Holiday Sparklers Wine #1 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Brut - Holiday Sparklers Wine #5   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110827"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
874,"   The 2013 Grifone Sangiovese, 2012 La Granja Tempranillo, 2012 Honey Moon Viognier and 2011 Epicuro Aglianico.   One of the great things about Trader Joes is the abundance of cheap, and I mean really cheap, wine. Unfortunately a lot of it is bad, and I mean really bad.  Today were featuring four of our favorites priced at $5.99 or less. These wines wont blow your socks off, but they are certainly solid and offer some good quality at such a low price. And while these are reviews of the currently available vintages all four have been pretty consistent over the years so they are about as close to a safe bet as you can get for around $5.  First up is the 2013 Grifone Sangiovese from Puglia, Italy. (Grifone is pronounced Gree-pho-nay). Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $3.99.  From the bottle: ""This wine is inspired by the ancient history of our people and is a tribute to Juno, wife of Jupiter and Queen of the gods of ancient Rome, the protector of welfare of women overseeing all aspects of marriage, fertility, and childbirth. Sangiovese (literally Blood of Jupiter), Italys most popular grape, is best suited to create a wine with complex character yet sufficiently delicate to appeal to those preferring smooth and fruit driven wines.  Notes of sweet fruits intertwine with hints of Mediterranean spices, vitalized by a bright acidity that is balanced by balsamic and fragrant flavors, extending its finish and inviting the next sip.  Sharing an intrinsic characteristic of all Italian wines, Sangiovese goes well with healthy foods made from quality ingredients. Try it chilled with light fare or with your favorite medley salad. The wine is especially suitable for pairing with vegetarian and vegan dishes.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Grifone Sangiovese begins with aromas of ripe cherry, strawberry and raspberry along with a little anise and leather. This easy to drink wine tastes super ripe and perhaps slightly medicinal with lots of jammy sweet mixed berry and sour cherry fruit. A hint of an earthy undertone leads into the medium length finish which features more lingering sweet fruit.   Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Enjoy what youre reading? PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!  Next is the 2012 La Granja Tempranillo from country Carinena, Aragon, Spain. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $3.99.  From the bottle: ""La Granja 360 (AKA the farm 360) winery is located in the North of Spain.  La Granja is there to entertain and bring happiness to all the people. A different wine - 360° turnaround - for different people.  An everyday drinking soft rounded juicy red wine with ripe raspberry flavours.  A great match for barbeque roasted meat, grilled vegetables or cheeses.  13% Alcohol""The 2012 La Granja Tempranillo begins with aromas of black cherry, raspberry, a touch of cranberry and cedar. This is a simple wine but it does benefit from some time to breathe. Black cherry, raspberry, strawberry and a distinct earthy note are the primary flavors on this soft and easy wine. It ends dry with some unusual, but not unpleasant, lingering citrus notes.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Third we have the 2012 Honey Moon Viognier from California. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.99.  From the bottle: ""Viognier is a rare and stylish grape with golden hues and amazing floral scents. Our Honey Moon Viognier is named after the June Full Moon, which signifies the moment when the sweet scent of flowers turn into young grapes, creating this lush, full bodied wine with peach, apricot and honeysuckle aromas followed by luscious honey, mango and nectar finish.  Very perfumey, Viognier is beautiful with exotic recipes such as Thai coconut-based curries and many cheeses. Its also a tasty and unusual choice for dishes like simply prepared lobster, roast chicken and plainly sauteed sole or trout.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Honey Moon Viognier begins with aromas of peach and citrus plus honeysuckle and other pleasant floral notes. The wine tastes sweet and simple with flavors of apricot, pears, peach and a surprising note of banana that comes into play mid-palate and lasts all the way into the finish. This medium-bodied wine is a bit flabby but it makes up for it with lots of pleasing flavors. Theres even a hint of a mineral streak on the nice medium length finish.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Last is the 2011 Epicuro Aglianico from Beneventano IGT, Campania, Italy. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.99.  From the bottle: ""This red wine shows intense blackberry and cherry notes harmoniously exalted by a light spicy background. Smooth and velvety with a firm backbone. Perfect at 18° with red meat, ham, and mature cheeses.  13% Alcohol""The 2011 Epicuro Aglianico begins with aromas of blackberry and a little spice. The medium-bodied wine tastes smooth, soft and simple with blackberry jam and cranberry fruit thats a bit on the syrupy side. Hints of smoked meat and anise are a nice surprise. It ends dry with good length.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Other wines in the Trader Joes Top Picks 2014 Series: Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #1 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #2 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #3 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #4  Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #5  Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #6  Grifone Sangiovese - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #7  La Granja Tempranillo - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #8  Honey Moon Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #9  Epicuro Aglianico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #10  Sauvignon Republic Sauvignon Blanc - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #11  Rosa dellOlmo Barbera dAsti - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #12  Trader Joes Grand Reserve Napa Valley Meritage - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #13  See the picks from our 2013 series here!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
875,"   The only thing fishy is how they manage to sell it so cheap!  Riesling from South Eastern Australia.  SRP of $7 for a 750ml bottle, $12 for the 1.5L and $18 for the 3L. The 750ml is available for as low as $5. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Medium Bodied  Fresh picked apricots with floral aromas.  Shrimp pad thai. Curry chicken and garlic naan. An excellent wine to enjoy with or without food!  12.5% Alcohol""Sometimes you want an uncomplicated wine, but lets be clear what I mean by uncomplicated -- it certainly doesnt mean wimpy and thin. It does; however, mean things like inexpensive, easy to drink and refreshing. It also means having enough complexity to keep it enjoyable without requiring a lot of thought. Todays light and easy Riesling from FishEye fits that bill perfectly.  The 2011 FishEye Riesling begins with a rather subdued nose of apricot, lemons and a little pineapple. Tasting this light to medium-bodied wine reveals a fairly sweet wine that is balanced out by a good lively texture with a bit of chalkiness to it. Not nearly as sweet as a Moscato, but that crowd will probably still find a lot to like here. (And at only $18 for 3L you can entertain quite a crowd!) Flavors of apricot, orange peel, pineapple, lemon and melon combine to make a light and easy wine. The finish is surprisingly long but a bit on the syrupy side. Pretty nice for only $5.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121116"",  ""title"" : ""2011 FishEye Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/fisheye-riesling-2011-easy-like-sunday-morning.html"" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
876,"   Light and Lemony - Serve it with seafood.   60% Malvasia Bianca di Candia, 30% Trebbiano and 10% Malvasia del Lazio from from Lazio, Italy.  SRP of $10 and available for as little as $6. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle:  ""In the hills near Rome are areas of volcanic soil over 2,000 years old. Here the grapes for Frascati are grown. Frascati has a delicate bouquet of wildflowers and fruit. Its characteristic taste is fresh and distinctive, with just a hint of almond. To enjoy Fontana Candida Frascati to its fullest, serve slightly chilled (55 Degrees) to heighten the fruit and the wines crispness. Fontana Candida Frascati is a delightful complement to seafood, poultry and other light entrees.   12.5% Alcohol"" Frascati is an ancient and renowned white wine growing region in Lazio, Italy. Located in the central part of Italy, Frascati wines have been consumed by the Romans for centuries and still remain one of the most popular white wines in this area. This was my first time sampling one of these wines, and much like the Grechetto I reviewed earlier this week (Arnaldo Caprai Grecante Grechetto dei Colli Martani 2011 - An Intriguing Italian White) Im quite surprised we dont see more of these wines here in the States. After all, whats not to like about an Italian wine that is tasty, extremely affordable and quite food friendly?  The 2011 Fontana Candida Frascati Superiore begins with light, pleasant aromas of apples, a little lemon, floral notes and just a whiff of grassiness. The wine tastes light, fresh and crisp with a bit of a chalky texture. The primary flavors are citrus, a little peach and pear plus that bit of grassiness from the bouquet carries over. Thanks to some good acidity, this light-to-medium-bodied wine would be a nice match for seafood and chicken dishes. It ends with citrus notes that turn a bit zesty on the long finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.   Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10  Overall Rating: 7.0   Recommended Buy     PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130110"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Fontana Candida Frascati Superiore"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/fontana-candida-frascati-superiore.html"" };      Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
877," [Check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.   Today is the last day of our Trader Joes Week reviews and so we turn to a trio of reliably good, always cheap and almost always available Trader Joes exclusive wines.   First up is the 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, a wine that has rabid fans among Trader Joes devotees. It is such a reliable seller that the stores in my area have to re-stock this wine more than once a day. The wine is a blend of 61% Zinfandel, 17% Cabernet Franc, 12% Merlot, 6% Petite Verdot and 4% Petite Sirah from California. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $7.99.   From the bottle: ""Weve blended our favorite Bordeaux style varietals into a rich, silky wine with a soft, luxurious finish. Delight in aromas of ripe cherries and hints of sumptuous mocha that will fill your senses. Pair with roasted lamb or mint coulis or even a dark chocolate souffle to deliver that zen moment we all need.   Nirvana in a glass.  12.5% Alcohol""This wine is made by Georgetta Dane who took over the winemaking duties at The Big House after Randall Grahm left. (Hes now with Bonny Doon Vineyards.) And even though this is not my favorite type of wine (a sweet red) it is well made and should be well appreciated by fans of this style.   The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine begins with a heady aroma full of oaky notes -- vanilla, caramel and chocolate -- plus red cherry and blackberry fruit. The wine tastes smooth and sweet with similar flavors to the nose. Its easy to see why this wine is so popular as it is both easy to drink and very flavorful. The finish is medium-short and full of more sweet oak. This is a wine that should appeal greatly to all the Apothic Red fans out there.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy  Next up is a wine that has seen moments of greatness, the 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33. We were huge fans of the 2008 vintage but the 2009 vintage let us down. Thats one of the characteristics that makes these Trader Joes wine classics -- while every vintage is reliably good for the price, every few years they hit one out of the park and really reinforce their cult status.  As always this wine is a blend of 33% Cabernet Sauvignon, 33% Merlot and 33% Montepulciano from Apulia, Italy. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $5.99.   From the bottle: ""This unique wine comes from the Apulia Region located in the depth of Southern Italy. The blend is an equal amount of three different varietals. Cabernet Sauvignon 33,3%, Merlot 33,3%, and Montepulciano 33,4% collectively aged six months in oak barrels, hence the name ""Trentatre"" which in Italian means Thirtythree. The color is a deep purple-red with a pleasant fruity nose with hints of plum, cherry, and chocolate. Full bodied, it has a supple finish with soft tannins. Enjoy it with pasta, pizza, grilled meats, seasoned cheese...or even on its own!  14.0% Alcohol""The 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 begins with pleasant aromas of plum and a little smoke. Tasting the wine reveals sour fruit, lots of oak, a little licorice and a smooth texture, but thats about it for this relatively simple wine. The finish is dry and of medium length. While its certainly good enough for only $5.99 its not the same as the vaunted 2008 (and 2007) vintages.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Lastly we have the 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva which is a blend of 80% Negroamaro and 20% Malvasia Nera from Salice Salentino, Apulia, Italy. It is available exclusively at Trader Joes and was purchased for $5.99. There are number of different Epicuro wines including a Nero dAvola and a Primitivo, but this seems to the one that is most well liked year in and year out. We last reviewed the 2006 vintage of this wine.  From the bottle: ""A blend of Negroamaro 80% and Malvasia Nera 20%. Intense ruby red in color with orange reflections on the outside rim of the wine. Intense and persistent aromas of red, woodsy berries. On the palate the wine is dry, well balanced, and full bodied with a long finish. Serve at room temperature with rustic meat dishes.   13% Alcohol.""The 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva begins with pleasant aromas of ripe red berries, licorice and oak. Youll want to give this one some time to breathe before tasting as the oak is a bit overwhelming at first. Once it has some air, there is a lot to enjoy here with the flavors in the mouth similar to the nose. Pair it with a pizza or pasta in red sauce to get the maximum enjoyment out of it.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Wine in the Trader Joes Week series: Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #1.  Plus The Trader Joes Pricing Strategy Revealed!  Cheap and Refreshing White Wines - Trader Joes Week Wines #2 and #3 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana 2009 - Trader Joes Week Wine #4. A perfect partner for a pizza! Pontificis GSM Blend 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #5. A GSM blend for the masses!  Brunello and Barbaresco On The Cheap - Trader Joes Week Wines #6 and #7. The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  TJs Classics - Trader Joes Week Wines #8, #9 and #10. The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.  Also be sure to check our Costco Week series for another source of great, inexpensive and widely available wine!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+ to get more content like this: (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, script, facebook-jssdk)); Post by Reverse Wine Snob.  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
878,"   Simple, sweet and fruity wines for around $5.   It took me awhile to muster up the courage to try these two wines from the budget Woodbridge line of Robert Mondavi. Ive certainly enjoyed many of their wines in the past so that wasnt the problem, but any wine labeled ""Sweet"" that only costs around $5 makes all kind of warning flags go off in my head. Sweet in this instance usually means that is is unbearably so, often bordering on tooth numbing, syrupy slop that shouldnt even be called wine. But alas, I was rather pleasantly surprised by these two, read on to find out more.   First up is the 2011 Woodbridge Sweet Red, a blend of Syrah, Merlot, small amounts of other red varieties and a mix of white grapes from California. This wine has an $7 and is available for as low as $4-$5, but widely for around $6. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our Sweet Red showcases flavors of ripe, juicy red berries with a delicate sweetness that is luscious and fruity. Our Sweet Red is food-friendly, delightful for sipping, and can be enjoyed chilled or at room temperature.  11.7% Alcohol""The 2011 Woodbridge Sweet Red begins with aromas of cherry, black cherry and strawberry. The wine tastes simple and sweet but its not cloying. The primary flavors are strawberry and other red berries including a good dose of cranberry. The finish is relatively short but the wine is refreshing and easy to drink. It wont blow your socks off, but its pretty good for the low, low price. It would also be very good for Sangria. Best consumed slightly chilled.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2011 Woodbridge Sweet White, a blend of Gewurztraminer, Chardonnay, Viognier and Verdelho from California. This wine has an SRP of $8 but like the Sweet Red is available widely for around $6 and as low as $4-$5. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our Sweet White showcases floral aromas with flavors of ripe citrus and tropical fruit and a finish that is delicately sweet and refreshing, making it food-friendly and delightful for sipping.   11.6% Alcohol""The 2011 Woodbridge Sweet White begins with pleasant aromas of grapefruit and other citrus along with some nice floral notes. The wine tastes of lots of peach, green apple, pear, tangerine and other fresh fruits. Again, its definitely sweet but not cloying; simple, but refreshing. The finish is on the short side, but its crisp so it works.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
879,"   Simple, sweet and fruity wines for around $5.   It took me awhile to muster up the courage to try these two wines from the budget Woodbridge line of Robert Mondavi. Ive certainly enjoyed many of their wines in the past so that wasnt the problem, but any wine labeled ""Sweet"" that only costs around $5 makes all kind of warning flags go off in my head. Sweet in this instance usually means that is is unbearably so, often bordering on tooth numbing, syrupy slop that shouldnt even be called wine. But alas, I was rather pleasantly surprised by these two, read on to find out more.   First up is the 2011 Woodbridge Sweet Red, a blend of Syrah, Merlot, small amounts of other red varieties and a mix of white grapes from California. This wine has an $7 and is available for as low as $4-$5, but widely for around $6. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our Sweet Red showcases flavors of ripe, juicy red berries with a delicate sweetness that is luscious and fruity. Our Sweet Red is food-friendly, delightful for sipping, and can be enjoyed chilled or at room temperature.  11.7% Alcohol""The 2011 Woodbridge Sweet Red begins with aromas of cherry, black cherry and strawberry. The wine tastes simple and sweet but its not cloying. The primary flavors are strawberry and other red berries including a good dose of cranberry. The finish is relatively short but the wine is refreshing and easy to drink. It wont blow your socks off, but its pretty good for the low, low price. It would also be very good for Sangria. Best consumed slightly chilled.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2011 Woodbridge Sweet White, a blend of Gewurztraminer, Chardonnay, Viognier and Verdelho from California. This wine has an SRP of $8 but like the Sweet Red is available widely for around $6 and as low as $4-$5. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our Sweet White showcases floral aromas with flavors of ripe citrus and tropical fruit and a finish that is delicately sweet and refreshing, making it food-friendly and delightful for sipping.   11.6% Alcohol""The 2011 Woodbridge Sweet White begins with pleasant aromas of grapefruit and other citrus along with some nice floral notes. The wine tastes of lots of peach, green apple, pear, tangerine and other fresh fruits. Again, its definitely sweet but not cloying; simple, but refreshing. The finish is on the short side, but its crisp so it works.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
880,"   The 2013 Grifone Sangiovese, 2012 La Granja Tempranillo, 2012 Honey Moon Viognier and 2011 Epicuro Aglianico.   One of the great things about Trader Joes is the abundance of cheap, and I mean really cheap, wine. Unfortunately a lot of it is bad, and I mean really bad.  Today were featuring four of our favorites priced at $5.99 or less. These wines wont blow your socks off, but they are certainly solid and offer some good quality at such a low price. And while these are reviews of the currently available vintages all four have been pretty consistent over the years so they are about as close to a safe bet as you can get for around $5.  First up is the 2013 Grifone Sangiovese from Puglia, Italy. (Grifone is pronounced Gree-pho-nay). Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $3.99.  From the bottle: ""This wine is inspired by the ancient history of our people and is a tribute to Juno, wife of Jupiter and Queen of the gods of ancient Rome, the protector of welfare of women overseeing all aspects of marriage, fertility, and childbirth. Sangiovese (literally Blood of Jupiter), Italys most popular grape, is best suited to create a wine with complex character yet sufficiently delicate to appeal to those preferring smooth and fruit driven wines.  Notes of sweet fruits intertwine with hints of Mediterranean spices, vitalized by a bright acidity that is balanced by balsamic and fragrant flavors, extending its finish and inviting the next sip.  Sharing an intrinsic characteristic of all Italian wines, Sangiovese goes well with healthy foods made from quality ingredients. Try it chilled with light fare or with your favorite medley salad. The wine is especially suitable for pairing with vegetarian and vegan dishes.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Grifone Sangiovese begins with aromas of ripe cherry, strawberry and raspberry along with a little anise and leather. This easy to drink wine tastes super ripe and perhaps slightly medicinal with lots of jammy sweet mixed berry and sour cherry fruit. A hint of an earthy undertone leads into the medium length finish which features more lingering sweet fruit.   Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Enjoy what youre reading? PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!  Next is the 2012 La Granja Tempranillo from country Carinena, Aragon, Spain. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $3.99.  From the bottle: ""La Granja 360 (AKA the farm 360) winery is located in the North of Spain.  La Granja is there to entertain and bring happiness to all the people. A different wine - 360° turnaround - for different people.  An everyday drinking soft rounded juicy red wine with ripe raspberry flavours.  A great match for barbeque roasted meat, grilled vegetables or cheeses.  13% Alcohol""The 2012 La Granja Tempranillo begins with aromas of black cherry, raspberry, a touch of cranberry and cedar. This is a simple wine but it does benefit from some time to breathe. Black cherry, raspberry, strawberry and a distinct earthy note are the primary flavors on this soft and easy wine. It ends dry with some unusual, but not unpleasant, lingering citrus notes.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Third we have the 2012 Honey Moon Viognier from California. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.99.  From the bottle: ""Viognier is a rare and stylish grape with golden hues and amazing floral scents. Our Honey Moon Viognier is named after the June Full Moon, which signifies the moment when the sweet scent of flowers turn into young grapes, creating this lush, full bodied wine with peach, apricot and honeysuckle aromas followed by luscious honey, mango and nectar finish.  Very perfumey, Viognier is beautiful with exotic recipes such as Thai coconut-based curries and many cheeses. Its also a tasty and unusual choice for dishes like simply prepared lobster, roast chicken and plainly sauteed sole or trout.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Honey Moon Viognier begins with aromas of peach and citrus plus honeysuckle and other pleasant floral notes. The wine tastes sweet and simple with flavors of apricot, pears, peach and a surprising note of banana that comes into play mid-palate and lasts all the way into the finish. This medium-bodied wine is a bit flabby but it makes up for it with lots of pleasing flavors. Theres even a hint of a mineral streak on the nice medium length finish.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Last is the 2011 Epicuro Aglianico from Beneventano IGT, Campania, Italy. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.99.  From the bottle: ""This red wine shows intense blackberry and cherry notes harmoniously exalted by a light spicy background. Smooth and velvety with a firm backbone. Perfect at 18° with red meat, ham, and mature cheeses.  13% Alcohol""The 2011 Epicuro Aglianico begins with aromas of blackberry and a little spice. The medium-bodied wine tastes smooth, soft and simple with blackberry jam and cranberry fruit thats a bit on the syrupy side. Hints of smoked meat and anise are a nice surprise. It ends dry with good length.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Other wines in the Trader Joes Top Picks 2014 Series: Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #1 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #2 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #3 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #4  Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #5  Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #6  Grifone Sangiovese - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #7  La Granja Tempranillo - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #8  Honey Moon Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #9  Epicuro Aglianico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #10  Sauvignon Republic Sauvignon Blanc - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #11  Rosa dellOlmo Barbera dAsti - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #12  Trader Joes Grand Reserve Napa Valley Meritage - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #13  See the picks from our 2013 series here!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
881,"   The 2013 Grifone Sangiovese, 2012 La Granja Tempranillo, 2012 Honey Moon Viognier and 2011 Epicuro Aglianico.   One of the great things about Trader Joes is the abundance of cheap, and I mean really cheap, wine. Unfortunately a lot of it is bad, and I mean really bad.  Today were featuring four of our favorites priced at $5.99 or less. These wines wont blow your socks off, but they are certainly solid and offer some good quality at such a low price. And while these are reviews of the currently available vintages all four have been pretty consistent over the years so they are about as close to a safe bet as you can get for around $5.  First up is the 2013 Grifone Sangiovese from Puglia, Italy. (Grifone is pronounced Gree-pho-nay). Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $3.99.  From the bottle: ""This wine is inspired by the ancient history of our people and is a tribute to Juno, wife of Jupiter and Queen of the gods of ancient Rome, the protector of welfare of women overseeing all aspects of marriage, fertility, and childbirth. Sangiovese (literally Blood of Jupiter), Italys most popular grape, is best suited to create a wine with complex character yet sufficiently delicate to appeal to those preferring smooth and fruit driven wines.  Notes of sweet fruits intertwine with hints of Mediterranean spices, vitalized by a bright acidity that is balanced by balsamic and fragrant flavors, extending its finish and inviting the next sip.  Sharing an intrinsic characteristic of all Italian wines, Sangiovese goes well with healthy foods made from quality ingredients. Try it chilled with light fare or with your favorite medley salad. The wine is especially suitable for pairing with vegetarian and vegan dishes.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Grifone Sangiovese begins with aromas of ripe cherry, strawberry and raspberry along with a little anise and leather. This easy to drink wine tastes super ripe and perhaps slightly medicinal with lots of jammy sweet mixed berry and sour cherry fruit. A hint of an earthy undertone leads into the medium length finish which features more lingering sweet fruit.   Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Enjoy what youre reading? PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!  Next is the 2012 La Granja Tempranillo from country Carinena, Aragon, Spain. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $3.99.  From the bottle: ""La Granja 360 (AKA the farm 360) winery is located in the North of Spain.  La Granja is there to entertain and bring happiness to all the people. A different wine - 360° turnaround - for different people.  An everyday drinking soft rounded juicy red wine with ripe raspberry flavours.  A great match for barbeque roasted meat, grilled vegetables or cheeses.  13% Alcohol""The 2012 La Granja Tempranillo begins with aromas of black cherry, raspberry, a touch of cranberry and cedar. This is a simple wine but it does benefit from some time to breathe. Black cherry, raspberry, strawberry and a distinct earthy note are the primary flavors on this soft and easy wine. It ends dry with some unusual, but not unpleasant, lingering citrus notes.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Third we have the 2012 Honey Moon Viognier from California. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.99.  From the bottle: ""Viognier is a rare and stylish grape with golden hues and amazing floral scents. Our Honey Moon Viognier is named after the June Full Moon, which signifies the moment when the sweet scent of flowers turn into young grapes, creating this lush, full bodied wine with peach, apricot and honeysuckle aromas followed by luscious honey, mango and nectar finish.  Very perfumey, Viognier is beautiful with exotic recipes such as Thai coconut-based curries and many cheeses. Its also a tasty and unusual choice for dishes like simply prepared lobster, roast chicken and plainly sauteed sole or trout.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Honey Moon Viognier begins with aromas of peach and citrus plus honeysuckle and other pleasant floral notes. The wine tastes sweet and simple with flavors of apricot, pears, peach and a surprising note of banana that comes into play mid-palate and lasts all the way into the finish. This medium-bodied wine is a bit flabby but it makes up for it with lots of pleasing flavors. Theres even a hint of a mineral streak on the nice medium length finish.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Last is the 2011 Epicuro Aglianico from Beneventano IGT, Campania, Italy. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.99.  From the bottle: ""This red wine shows intense blackberry and cherry notes harmoniously exalted by a light spicy background. Smooth and velvety with a firm backbone. Perfect at 18° with red meat, ham, and mature cheeses.  13% Alcohol""The 2011 Epicuro Aglianico begins with aromas of blackberry and a little spice. The medium-bodied wine tastes smooth, soft and simple with blackberry jam and cranberry fruit thats a bit on the syrupy side. Hints of smoked meat and anise are a nice surprise. It ends dry with good length.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Other wines in the Trader Joes Top Picks 2014 Series: Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #1 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #2 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #3 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #4  Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #5  Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #6  Grifone Sangiovese - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #7  La Granja Tempranillo - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #8  Honey Moon Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #9  Epicuro Aglianico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #10  Sauvignon Republic Sauvignon Blanc - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #11  Rosa dellOlmo Barbera dAsti - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #12  Trader Joes Grand Reserve Napa Valley Meritage - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #13  See the picks from our 2013 series here!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
882,"   Surprisingly drinkable for $4.99.   60% Merlot and 40% Malbec from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $4.99.   From the bottle: ""This smooth red combines the ripe fruit flavours of Merlot with the rich blackberry notes of Malbec to give an intensely fruity, soft full flavoured wine.  Delicious on its own, this wine is the perfect partner for roast lamb, steak, barbecued meats or with cheese.  13% Alcohol""While were all about cheap wine here at The Reverse Wine Snob, were also realistic. Theres plenty of really bad cheap wine out there, especially when you start talking about wine under $5. Its amazingly hard to make a quality wine for that low of a price - the cost of the bottle, cork and label eat up a good chunk of that alone. Add in the cost of shipping, which is all the way from Chile in the case of todays wine, and theres not much left.  And all this doesnt even factor in the cost of the wine itself, the most important part! And then theres the awful three tier distribution system in our country which fills distributors pockets at the expense of consumers and the wineries themselves. (See here and here for just two of many recent examples.) Add to that the retailers margin and it begins to boggle the mind that a wine could possibly be priced so low.  All this to say that when we find a good, quality wine that is able to overcome all these obstacles and sell at such a low price point we have to give it props, even if its not rocketing to the top of our rating scale. But thats the beauty of our unique rating system -- because it only costs $5 it doesnt have to score as high of a Taste rating as a wine that costs $15 in order to qualify as a recommended buy.  The 2012 Panilonco ""Chief of Lions"" Merlot Malbec Reserva from the Errazuriz Ovalle Family and Vinedos Marchigue begins with pleasant aromas of plum and other ripe dark fruit including a little cranberry and a bit of wintergreen. This easy-drinking, medium-bodied wine tastes smooth and simple with lots of plum, blackberry and grape jam along with a hint of spice and even a few earthy notes. It could use a little more acidity and a longer finish but for $4.99 this is a surprisingly drinkable wine that is likely to be a crowd-pleaser.   Available exclusively at Trader Joes.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140515"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/panilonco-merlot-malbec-reserva.html"" };     Other wines in the Trader Joes Top Picks 2014 Series: Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #1 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #2 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #3 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #4  Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #5  Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #6  Grifone Sangiovese - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #7  La Granja Tempranillo - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #8  Honey Moon Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #9  Epicuro Aglianico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #10  Sauvignon Republic Sauvignon Blanc - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #11  Rosa dellOlmo Barbera dAsti - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #12  Trader Joes Grand Reserve Napa Valley Meritage - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #13  See the picks from our 2013 series here!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
883,"   The 2013 Grifone Sangiovese, 2012 La Granja Tempranillo, 2012 Honey Moon Viognier and 2011 Epicuro Aglianico.   One of the great things about Trader Joes is the abundance of cheap, and I mean really cheap, wine. Unfortunately a lot of it is bad, and I mean really bad.  Today were featuring four of our favorites priced at $5.99 or less. These wines wont blow your socks off, but they are certainly solid and offer some good quality at such a low price. And while these are reviews of the currently available vintages all four have been pretty consistent over the years so they are about as close to a safe bet as you can get for around $5.  First up is the 2013 Grifone Sangiovese from Puglia, Italy. (Grifone is pronounced Gree-pho-nay). Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $3.99.  From the bottle: ""This wine is inspired by the ancient history of our people and is a tribute to Juno, wife of Jupiter and Queen of the gods of ancient Rome, the protector of welfare of women overseeing all aspects of marriage, fertility, and childbirth. Sangiovese (literally Blood of Jupiter), Italys most popular grape, is best suited to create a wine with complex character yet sufficiently delicate to appeal to those preferring smooth and fruit driven wines.  Notes of sweet fruits intertwine with hints of Mediterranean spices, vitalized by a bright acidity that is balanced by balsamic and fragrant flavors, extending its finish and inviting the next sip.  Sharing an intrinsic characteristic of all Italian wines, Sangiovese goes well with healthy foods made from quality ingredients. Try it chilled with light fare or with your favorite medley salad. The wine is especially suitable for pairing with vegetarian and vegan dishes.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2013 Grifone Sangiovese begins with aromas of ripe cherry, strawberry and raspberry along with a little anise and leather. This easy to drink wine tastes super ripe and perhaps slightly medicinal with lots of jammy sweet mixed berry and sour cherry fruit. A hint of an earthy undertone leads into the medium length finish which features more lingering sweet fruit.   Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Enjoy what youre reading? PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!  Next is the 2012 La Granja Tempranillo from country Carinena, Aragon, Spain. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $3.99.  From the bottle: ""La Granja 360 (AKA the farm 360) winery is located in the North of Spain.  La Granja is there to entertain and bring happiness to all the people. A different wine - 360° turnaround - for different people.  An everyday drinking soft rounded juicy red wine with ripe raspberry flavours.  A great match for barbeque roasted meat, grilled vegetables or cheeses.  13% Alcohol""The 2012 La Granja Tempranillo begins with aromas of black cherry, raspberry, a touch of cranberry and cedar. This is a simple wine but it does benefit from some time to breathe. Black cherry, raspberry, strawberry and a distinct earthy note are the primary flavors on this soft and easy wine. It ends dry with some unusual, but not unpleasant, lingering citrus notes.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Third we have the 2012 Honey Moon Viognier from California. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.99.  From the bottle: ""Viognier is a rare and stylish grape with golden hues and amazing floral scents. Our Honey Moon Viognier is named after the June Full Moon, which signifies the moment when the sweet scent of flowers turn into young grapes, creating this lush, full bodied wine with peach, apricot and honeysuckle aromas followed by luscious honey, mango and nectar finish.  Very perfumey, Viognier is beautiful with exotic recipes such as Thai coconut-based curries and many cheeses. Its also a tasty and unusual choice for dishes like simply prepared lobster, roast chicken and plainly sauteed sole or trout.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Honey Moon Viognier begins with aromas of peach and citrus plus honeysuckle and other pleasant floral notes. The wine tastes sweet and simple with flavors of apricot, pears, peach and a surprising note of banana that comes into play mid-palate and lasts all the way into the finish. This medium-bodied wine is a bit flabby but it makes up for it with lots of pleasing flavors. Theres even a hint of a mineral streak on the nice medium length finish.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Last is the 2011 Epicuro Aglianico from Beneventano IGT, Campania, Italy. Available exclusively at Trader Joes. Purchased for $5.99.  From the bottle: ""This red wine shows intense blackberry and cherry notes harmoniously exalted by a light spicy background. Smooth and velvety with a firm backbone. Perfect at 18° with red meat, ham, and mature cheeses.  13% Alcohol""The 2011 Epicuro Aglianico begins with aromas of blackberry and a little spice. The medium-bodied wine tastes smooth, soft and simple with blackberry jam and cranberry fruit thats a bit on the syrupy side. Hints of smoked meat and anise are a nice surprise. It ends dry with good length.  Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy Other wines in the Trader Joes Top Picks 2014 Series: Trader Joes GSM Reserve Lot# 96 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #1 Pine Ridge Chenin Blanc + Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #2 Il Tarocco Chianti Classico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #3 Panilonco Merlot Malbec Reserva - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #4  Chateau Mayne Guyon 2011 - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #5  Picton Bay South Island Pinot Noir - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #6  Grifone Sangiovese - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #7  La Granja Tempranillo - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #8  Honey Moon Viognier - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #9  Epicuro Aglianico - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #10  Sauvignon Republic Sauvignon Blanc - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #11  Rosa dellOlmo Barbera dAsti - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #12  Trader Joes Grand Reserve Napa Valley Meritage - Trader Joes Top Picks Wine #13  See the picks from our 2013 series here!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
884," [Check out our most recent Trader Joes series here!]     2012 Dr. Beckermann Piesporter Michelsberg Spatlese Riesling and the Espiral Vinho Verde.   Trader Joes week continues with a couple inexpensive, refreshing and enjoyable white wines!   First up is the 2012 Dr. Beckermann Piesporter Michelsberg Spatlese Riesling from Mosel, Germany. This one was purchased for $6.99. 9.0% Alcohol.  The 2012 Dr. Beckermann Piesporter Michelsberg Spatlese Riesling begins with aromas of green apple, honey and some pleasant floral notes. The wine tastes simple and relatively sweet but it doesnt overdo it. This is a very easy to drink wine that would make a good aperitif or a nice pairing for spicy food. It could use a bit more acidity but it has really nice flavor. The low alcohol percent is also rather refreshing. It ends with a surprisingly long finish. When you break down the parts of this wine its not all that impressive yet I couldnt help but enjoy it. This would be great wine for the end of a long, hot day on the porch!  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 7.5Recommended Buy   Next up is the Espiral Vinho Verde, a non-vintage wine from Portugal. This one goes for the low, low price of just $4.49. 9.0% Alcohol.  The Espiral Vinho Verde begins with lots of citrus on the nose, as well as some bread dough aromas. Drinking this wine is honestly a bit like having a 7-Up or Sprite thanks to all the bubbles and tons of citrus flavors. Still its crisp and refreshing and in the right situation it would certainly hit the spot. This is 90+ degree wine!     Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy  Wine in the Trader Joes Week series: Berton Vineyard The Black Shiraz 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #1.  Plus The Trader Joes Pricing Strategy Revealed!  Cheap and Refreshing White Wines - Trader Joes Week Wines #2 and #3 Cantina Del Grifone 1967 Toscana 2009 - Trader Joes Week Wine #4. A perfect partner for a pizza! Pontificis GSM Blend 2011 - Trader Joes Week Wine #5. A GSM blend for the masses!  Brunello and Barbaresco On The Cheap - Trader Joes Week Wines #6 and #7. The 2008 Sommavite Brunello di Montalcino Annata and the 2009 Rocca dellOlmo Barbaresco  TJs Classics - Trader Joes Week Wines #8, #9 and #10. The 2011 Cocobon Red Wine, 2011 Trentatre Rosso 33 and 2009 Epicuro Salice Salentino Riserva.  Also be sure to check our Costco Week series for another source of great, inexpensive and widely available wine!  Advertise on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
885,"  A non-vintage blend of Pinot Grigio, Chardonnay and Muscat from California.  SRP of $20 and available at that price for a 3 Liter Bag-in-Box. (Equivalent to four standard 750ml bottles.) Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing and McManis Family Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""McManis Family Vineyards tradition has always been to make the highest quality wine, while over delivering on value. Our eco-friendly Jack Tone 3 Liter Box provides that same quality of wine that we put in our bottle. This allows us to pass on the savings to you, with the equivalent of 4 bottles of premium wine - at a very reasonable price.  Our winemakers plan for Jack Tone is to produce the finest white wine possible using any combination of four distinct varietals - Pinot Grigio, Chardonnay, Viognier, and Muscat Canelli with the common goal of quality and ""drinkability"".  We hope you enjoy!  12.5% alcohol""Yesterday we reviewed the Jack Tone Vineyards Red boxed wine and came away liking what we tasted, but expressing some reservations about the non-vintage status and the varying blend possibilities from year to year. We have the same reservations with the white wine version which was also just recently released. In this case, the label includes four different varieties that could be part of the blend (Pinto Grigio, Chardonnay, Muscat and Viognier) but only the first three of those are used currently. This obviously makes it hard to say if future wines will taste similar or different and with the non-vintage status youll never really know what youre getting. So thats the downside. The upside, as we also discussed in the red wine review, is the extremely low cost, the convenient packaging and at least for now, the really nice taste.  The Jack Tone Vineyards White Wine Box Bottle Blend begins with a lightly fruity aroma of peach, pear, lemon/lime and other citrus scents plus a few floral notes. This light-bodied wine has a creamy texture when tasting and is a bit on the flabby side, but ends with a nice finish of sweet fruit. This wine reminded me mostly of a Pinot Grigio, so PG lovers will probably find this quite nice. Overall I have to say simple but good. The Red was my favorite of the two but this one will also sneak out a Recommended Buy rating thanks to its extremely low cost.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyFind out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120127"",  ""title"" : ""Jack Tone Vineyards White Wine Bottle Blend"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    More box wine reviews to come! "
886,"  100% Sauvignon Blanc from France. SRP of $25, but available for around $18.   Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Guy Saget is a family owned and managed Loire Valley winery, now in its 8th generation.  A dry white wine with flowery fruit flavors on the palate with good length and mineral notes. Ideally pairs with seafood or as an aperitif.   13.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Guy Saget Domaine de la Perriè Sancerre Sauvignon Blanc exhibits aromas of peach, lime and green apple. The wine tastes of tropical fruit and citrus with flinty minerality and lots of acidity. (The high acidity should make it good match for high acid foods like lemon chicken.) The wine has a nice, medium-long, dry finish. This is really quite a good Sauvignon Blanc, getting a high ranking of an 8 on our Taste scale, but the $18 cost hurts it in the overall ranking. Nevertheless, a nicely balanced wine to try out.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 3Overall Rating: 6.8Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110818"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Guy Saget Domaine de la Perriè Sancerre"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
887,"  100% Grüner Veltliner. SRP of about $16. If you can find it, you may be able to get it a few dollars cheaper.   Sample received courtesy Wines of Austria for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""Shining yellow with reflections of gold; much fruit with even more spice, peppery flavors (nomen est omen!), dried fruit aromas, apple, pear, quince, with melon and raisins added, its bouquet announces its high maturity; ideal symbiosis of maturity and picancy on the palate, concentrated fruit with lots of fruit- and extracted sweetness, animating fruit acid balances the density and maturity in a savory manner, juicy and active, firm core with a noble melt, profound noblesse, plays in the sorts ""Champions League"".  Ideal pairing with meat dishes such as prime boiled beef (""Tafelspitz""), ""gebackene Fledermaus"" or Styrian stew.   14.0% Alcohol"" This is the second of two Grüner Veltliners we are reviewing this week. (See the 2010 Domäne Wachau review for some more info on this grape.) The 2008 Cobenzl Grüner Veltliner Pfeffer exhibits aromas of green apple, citrus, and a little peach. The wine tastes of citrus and grapefruit with some added minerality. The finish is good, but a little on the sour side and a bit subdued. Overall a little simpler, lighter and not as sweet as the Domäne Wachau, but still a nice wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 6.8Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110815"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Cobenzl Grüner Veltliner Pfeffer"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
888,"  100% Carménère from Apalta, Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $17 and available for as low as $15. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle:""This superb multi-dimensional wine is the result of our efforts to create the ultimate expression of Carménère. To do this, we focused on the two vital influences of soil and climate.  Soil: Mainly granitic sediment well-suited to the deeply penetrating roots of the Carménère vines. Shallower soil and steep slopes successfully moderate the vines vigour, thus improving the concentration of the fruit.  Climate: Apalta is ideal for this variety, with a growing season of 29 to 33°C and mild night temperatures which deliver flavours of red fruits, with smoky, spicy, and earthy notes. This Carménère cements Apaltas reputation as an optimum winegrowing region.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the oldest winery in Chile, founded in 1850. It was also the winery that rediscovered the Carménère grape in 1994, which helped to put Chilean wine on the map as having something really distinctive to offer.  The 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère begins with aromas of dark fruit, plum and lots of spice plus a little vanilla and smoke. The wine tastes of smoky fruit (primarily blackberry) and dense spice featuring prominent tannins and lots of oak. The wine is medium-full bodied and finishes with a little bit of sour red fruit that resolves into smoky, cigar box notes.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111024"",  ""title"" : ""Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Tour of Chile Series 1) 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère 2) 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 3) 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 4) 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère 5) 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 6) 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 7) 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère 8) 2007 Haras de Pirque Character   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
889," Two parts lemon, one part pear, a dash of spice and a little cream for good measure.   36% Semillon, 20% Muscat, 20% Gewürztraminer, 20% Pinot Gris, 4% Chardonnay. SRP of $17, but available widely for as low as $12.   Sample received courtesy The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""LAYERS is crafted to illustrate our belief that the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. Dont be fooled by its easy drinking and approachable nature, each taste reveals another layer of subtle complexity and flavour enjoyment. Richly perfumed tropical aromas, supported by layers of lemon, peach, dried apricot and green melon on the palate, with balanced acidity and structure that provides a long, smooth finish. This un-oaked wine is ideally suited to modern cuisine. Enjoy. 11.5% Alcohol""This wine reminds me of a crème brûlée, not just because it has some of the same flavors, but much like the dessert it has layers of flavor. What at first looks simple reveals more and more as you partake. Thats not to say this is an overly complex wine, but it does have some depth for those willing to contemplate it.  The 2009 Peter Lehmann Layers Adelaide White exhibits aromas of citrus, pear, and a little spice. The taste is similar with a little lemon zest coming through. It has a good balance of flavors with a bit of cream. Much like the Layers Red, it starts simple but actually has good complexity and a nice finish. An intriguing wine that I recommend you try out!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended BuyAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110804"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Peter Lehmann Layers Adelaide White"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
890,"  Pinot Grigio from Alto Aldige Valley in Italy.  Available for $12.99. Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Vigneti delle Dolomite Indicazione Geografica Tipica  Luna Nuda comes from one of the best places in the world for growing Pinot Grigio grapes -- Italys Alto Aldige Valley.  This limited release Pinot Grigio has been hand crafted by the Giovanett family of Castelfeder Winery, a 4th generation family estate.   The wine exudes a richness and depth of flavor while maintaining a bright, crisp and fresh vibe. As you taste, you will experience a touch of beautiful minerality accompanied by golden delicious apple and citrus flavors along with a hint of the alpine air from Italys northernmost region.  The name Luna Nuda ""naked moon"" is derived from the mystery and influence of the full moon on the growing, harvesting, and winemaking traditions that winemakers in this area have practiced for centuries.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Luna Nuda Pinot Grigio exhibits aromas of green apple, pear, lemon and a little guava. The wine tastes similar, with lots of tropical fruit flavors plus green apple, lemon, lime and a good amount of minerality. This is a fresh, smooth drink that has stronger flavors than your normal Pinot Grigio. Tropical fruit flavors linger on the finish. Drinks nicely in any lunar phase.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 6.8Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111014"",  ""title"" : ""Luna Nuda Pinot Grigio 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
891,"  $7.49 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle: Bodega Norton was founded in 1895 at the Mendoza River Valley. The estate winery is located at the foothills of the Andes, at altitudes ranging between 850 and 1100 m. above sea level. The climate at these altitudes is characterized by warm days and cool nights. This allows the grapes to mature slowly towards perfect ripeness, providing deep colour, rich aromas and flavours. This fresh and fruity wine invites you to discover the unique characteristics of its grape variety.   13.5% alcoholA Mendoza Malbec that isnt great? Yes, its true. We found the 2010 Bodega Norton Malbec to be lightly fruity and a bit on the dry side, but a little thin and rather unexciting. It wasnt bad, but the bar for these Mendoza Malbecs is set a little higher than this one was able to deliver. I wouldnt object to drinking it again, but there are other, better Malbecs in this price range. I was hopeful this one had potential to improve and really open up on day 2 like a lot of Trader Joes wines, so I sealed it up with the Vacu Vin. Unfortunately it didnt hold up well at all, and actually became a bit sour on day 2. If you do buy this one theres your excuse to drink the whole bottle!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 6.8Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110304"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bodega Norton Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
892,"  100% Carménère (Organic) from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $16.99 but available for as low as $8. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Carmenere Valle de Colchagua  Dark Chocolate -- Spiced Currant -- Warm Toffee Serve at 60-65°F -- Medium Body -- Natural Cork  Produced by Emiliana Vineyards from 100% organically grown grapes. Organic viticulture brings forth the true character of the vineyard terroir and allows the grapes to express themselves fully. As a result, distinctive flavors emerge, making a remarkably unique and complex wine.  Emiliana is passionate about wine and nature.  14.0% Alcohol.""Chile is an incredible country. A country 2,700 miles long but no more than 100 miles wide. It is also a country that has a rich history of winemaking dating back to the 1500s. Over the next several days I will be reviewing eight different wines from Chile made using their signature grape, Carménère. Our first wine comes from the Colchagua Valley, probably the best known region in Chile for red wine.  The 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère begins with woody aromas of black cherry, toffee and black pepper. The wine tastes juicy and velvety smooth with dark fruit, spice and a good bit of oak. The wine ends with good juicy fruit flavor plus nice tannins that resolve into coffee notes that linger for awhile. Fairly good, but this wine may still be a little young. The wine was not quite as good on day 2.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 6.8Second Chance?  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111018"",  ""title"" : ""Emiliana Natura Carménère 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Wines in the Tour of Chile Series 1) 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère 2) 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 3) 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 4) 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère 5) 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 6) 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 7) 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère 8) 2007 Haras de Pirque Character   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
893,"  100% Garnacha. SRP of $12 but available for as low as $9.   Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""From 1647 to the present day our Bodega has been passed on from father to son in the Chivite family. Gran Feudo Rosado is an outstanding success in the world of fruity rosé wines. It is made mainly from garnacha tinta grape in the traditional ""saignée"" method: the juice is separated by gravity. It is the ideal accompaniment for pasta, risotto, vegetable, fish and white meat. Serve slightly chilled. 13.0% Alcohol""The 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado exhibits aromas of watermelon and strawberry. In the mouth there is a bit of fruit, but not as much as I was expecting from the aroma. A bit of cream and nice acidity balance the wine out. So far so good; however, the finish, while crisp, is short and tart and brings this wine down a notch. The wine also did not hold up very well on day 2.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 6.8Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110730"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Gran Feudo Rosado"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
894," Can Costcos Kirkland Signature deliver another winner?   $6.99 at Costco  From the bottle:The cool-climate region Friuli, is bordered by the Alps in Northeast Italy. The climate and location lends itself to the delicate aromas and subtle flavors. Kirkland Signature 2010 Pinot Grigio displays a bright and fragrant bouquet of crisp apple and pear notes, with a hint of tropical fruit and a touch of dried nuts. The acidity is crisp followed by a clean and refreshing finish. Drink now through 2012.   12.5% Alcohol. A bright and sunny 68 degree day meant it was time (finally!) for the first white of the season. Our pick was the Kirkland Signature Pinot Grigio, hoping it could live up to the excellent standard of most of the other Kirkland Signature wines we have tried. Pinot Gris is an interesting grape that goes by many names, and is known as Pinot Grigio in Italy. Genetically it is remarkably similar to Pinot Noir and is believed to have come from a mutation in that grape.   The 2010 Kirkland Signature Pinot Grigio is very light in color, with a light citrus aroma on the nose. This wine was too cold when we first opened and had tons (too much) apple and pear coming through. After it sat out for awhile and warmed up a bit it was much better. The citrus notes are balanced well by the acidity but overall the wine is really kind of thin and there was not much of a finish. This one was drinkable but nothing special. Fans of really simple white wines will probably like this best. Still not bad for only $6.99 but overall a rare disappointment for a Kirkland Signature wine.   Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 6.8Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110430"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Kirkland Signature Friuli Grave Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
895,"  100% Syrah Rosé from California. SRP of $18 and available for that price.  Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Cellars for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""For a winemaker, each new vintage is a stepping stone. One step in a never-ending voyage of exploration. At Cornerstone Cellars our Stepping Stone wines are crafted by winemaker Jeff Keene to be exceptional wines and exceptional values. Each vintage we scour the vineyards and cellars searching for exciting wines from unique varieties to become our Stepping Stones.  13.9% Alcohol""The 2010 Stepping Stone Corallina Napa Valley Rosé by Cornerstone Cellars begins with pleasant aromas of strawberry, melon, tomato, herbal and floral notes. The wine tastes of strawberry, watermelon, citrus, and tomato with some slight herbal and vegetable notes balancing the fruit. There is a little bit of pepper on the slightly tart finish. The Corallina has good acidity, pretty good flavor and tastes fresh -- a solid 8/10 on the Taste scale but the $18 price brings the overall rating down.  Watch for reviews of several other wines in the Stepping Stone line over the next few weeks!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 2Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110913"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Stepping Stone Corallina Napa Valley Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
896," A nice Cabernet from Chile, but is it worth the price?   $14.99 at Costco, available widely.  From the bottle:Montes Alpha Cabernet Sauvignon - Colchagua Valley From Chile with Pride  Montes Alpha has become, in the past fifteen years, a benchmark for other Chilean wineries to follow, always in search for Chiles full potential. Having chosen the most difficult niche to focus on (hotels, restaurants, wine-merchants, delicatessen), we have constantly created beautifully complex but really friendly wines that, once tasted, generate solid loyalty from our beloved followers. To them, our gratitude.   Aurelio Montes has pioneered in premium and ultra-premium wines, in discovering new wine regions like the superb Apalta valley and Marchique (both in Colchagua), in establishing low-yield steep mountain vineyards and, in doing so, has gained wide international recognition. Wine Spectator said it briefly: ""Montes offers perhaps the broadest range of quality wine in Chile today"".  Nourished with T.L.C. (Tender Loving Care) all our vines and wines are the result of personal dedication, a great Team and a little help from our Angels.  14.5% Alcohol The 2008 Montes Alpha Cabernet Sauvignon is a nice, smooth, drinkable wine. Theres plum, ripe fruit, and a little earthiness on the nose. In the mouth nice tannins complement the smoothness . We found it a tad bitter on the finish, however. Overall, a relatively simple wine that is really quite easy to drink but not anything fantastic. There are a number of users on Cellartracker who believe this wine is still too young, which may be the case, but we can only rate it as it stands now.  So that leaves us with a wine that is pretty good, but pretty good doesnt quite cut it at $15 based on the Reverse Wine Snob Rating System. It gets a Taste rating of 7, higher than some wines on the Buy list but with a cost 2-3 times that of those wines, it ends up with a lower overall rating. In other words, good, but not quite good enough to justify the price. (And if money is no object, you can always filter the Interactive Wine Rating Chart using the handy dropdowns based purely on the Taste ratings!)  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110425"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Montes Alpha Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
897,"  2010 Bouké Rosé and 2009 Bouké White Wines from Long Island, New York.   Sample received courtesy Bouké Wines for review purposes.  Wine from Long Island? When Bouké sent me these wines, I have to admit that I was intrigued and maybe a little skeptical. I was familiar with wine from the Finger Lakes area of New York but had no idea there were any vineyards in Long Island. (Although I should have known as it seems as if there is a winery just about everywhere now.) So lets see how these wines measure up! First, the 2009 Bouké White Wine.   41% Chardonnay, 21% Gewurztraminer, 20% Pinot Gris, 18% Sauvignon Blanc. 12.5% Alcohol. SRP of $19 and available for as low as $15. (And to be fair, the Gewurztraminer and Pinot Gris grapes came from a vineyard in the Finger Lakes.)  The 2009 Bouké White Wine begins with aromas of green apple, pear, honey and maybe a little pineapple. This is a medium-light-bodied wine that tastes fresh, with green apple, pear, and citrus flavors with a little mango and honey as well. There is also some nice underlying minerality. The finish is also quite good with a little spice coming through at the end. An easy drinker.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy Next is the 2010 Bouké Rosé.  55% Cabernet Sauvignon and 45% Merlot. 12.5% Alcohol. SRP of $15.99 and available for as low as $14.99.  The 2010 Bouké Rosé starts with aromas of strawberry and raspberry. The wine smells sweet and fruity with a little underlying earthiness. The taste of the wine is similar but the earthiness comes through a little stronger especially on the finish which gives it pretty good balance. Fresh and light-to-medium-bodied.      See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
898,"  A blend of Chardonnay and Muscat from Napa Valley, California.   SRP of $15 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle:""For a winemaker, each new vintage is a stepping stone. One step in a never-ending voyage of exploration. At Cornerstone Cellars our Stepping Stone wines are crafted by winemaker Jeff Keene to be exceptional wines and exceptional values. Each vintage we scour the vineyards and cellars searching for exciting wines from unique varieties to become our Stepping Stones.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Stepping Stone White Rocks! By Cornerstone begins with a nice, sweet aroma of apricot and peaches. The wine does not taste as sweet as the nose, but has a light sweetness to it that is pretty good. The primary flavors are apricot and tropical fruit (guava) and also has some underlying minerality that gives it pretty good balance. The minerality really comes through on the short finish. This is a light and simple wine that is easy to drink. About the same on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111012"",  ""title"" : ""Stepping Stone White Rocks! By Cornerstone 2010"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
899,"  $8.99 at Costco, available widely. 85% Sangiovese, 10% Cabernet Sauvignon, 5% Merlot.  From the bottle:This blend is the result of the synergy between Italian wine specialist Neil Empson and renowned winemaker Franco Bernabei. From the finest grapes and prime Tuscan hillsides, fruit and soil selection allow the wine to achieve consistent quality with each vintage. Aged 1 year in oak and 6 months in bottle, its full body and lush, fruity flavor make this a perfect match for cheese, pasta, and all meat dishes.""Super Tuscan"" -- sure sounds nice, doesnt it? In reality this simply means that the wine does not follow the official blending rules of the region. As I understand it, this is basically a marketing term for what used to be called table wine. Now that weve let the air out of that balloon, lets get to what the wine tastes like, shall we?  The 2007 Monte Antico Toscana IGT is another wine that got rave reviews for the previous vintage, but seems to have fallen off. We thought the wine was good but not great. It has a wonderful fruity floral aroma on the nose but is unable to live up to that standard the rest of the way. It has a nice berry flavor but a little too much oak combined with some harsh tannins. The finish is a bit of a letdown as well. Not bad for only $9 but you can probably do better.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110411"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Monte Antico Toscana IGT"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
900," NOTE: Check out the review of the (much better) 2009 vintage here.   Since I mentioned this wine in my Costco and Trader Joes post, I figured I better get my review up! This offering comes from Francis Ford Coppola Winery and was available for $9.99 at Costco, which appears to be quite a good deal compared to other sellers. The wine is 81% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Petite Verdot, 5% Malbec, 3% Merlot, 1% Cabernet Franc. 13.5% alcohol. Heres what they winery says about this one:   Aged 16 months in French oak. Our signature red wine, layered with flavors of blackberry, cassis and roasted espresso. Includes Merlot and Cab Franc grown on our estate in Alexander Valley. Borrowing tradition of European wineries, we add gold netting to bottle to signify outstanding quality of wine. Our prize offering, the ultra premium Claret, sports a label that honors the first Cabernet blended in a Bordeaux style by Gustave Niebaum in 1910. Claret is a term originally coined by the British to describe Cabernet-based wines. This Cabernet, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot and Malbec blend is alluring and sophisticated; it is memorably lush with a tapestry of smooth tannins and succulent flavors of wild berries, plum and anise. Goes well with beef, pork, and spicy Well, it certainly all sounds wonderful, doesnt it? Gold netting, great name, cool marketing. I mentioned in a previous post that a trendy restaurant near us was advertising this one pretty heavily at $12/glass and $46/bottle. I guess they feel like the higher price point sells it better (which it probably does for some people) plus look at all that margin! In reality, we found this wine to be just OK. Nothing really objectionable about it, but it was a bit harsh and just didnt have very good flavor. Im inclined to try it again, but I think thats more because of the wonderful marketing than the wine itself. Ill give a Taste rating of 6, which combined with the solid value rating of 8, gives it an overall score of 6.5, putting it solidly in the ""Second Chance"" category.    Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet. PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110209"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Francis Ford Coppola Black Label Claret"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
901,"  Pinot Grigio from Italy. SRP of $10 and available for $9.  Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Lulu B. Born in France, Woman of the World.  I began my journey searching for the ultimate noble grape of France; Pinot Noir. My wanderlust soon took me around the world, in search of my favorite Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec. Join me in a glass of wine that is rich, silky soft and delicious! Pairs well with...girls night in.  12.5% Alcohol""The Lulu B. Pinot Grigio has a rather subdued nose with light citrus and floral notes. This light-bodied wine tastes of citrus and guava. The wine has a little minerality to go with the tart finish. Overall, an easy to drink wine that doesnt have a ton of depth but then again it is a Pinot Grigio, which at least to me typically seem pretty simple. My only real complaint is that there is no vintage listed. With the huge variability year to year based on the differing growing seasons, the vintage is really a pretty critical piece of information that I would like to see them add. It appears Lulu B used to include this on their labels, but not anymore. Bring it back please!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 6.5Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110902"",  ""title"" : ""Lulu B. Pinot Grigio"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
902,"  50% Petite Sirah, 50% Zinfandel. Sample received courtesy Rock Wall Wine Company for review purposes. SRP of $20.   From the bottle:This wine is a blend of 50% Zinfandel and 50% Petite Sirah from Nil Venges Black Rock Ranch in the Red Hills of Lake County. The vines are head-pruned and grown in the volcanic soil from the Red Hills. This vineyard is so packed full of obsidian that it actually glows under the moonlight. The finished wine is rich with sasparilla, red licorice, graphite minerality, dark chocolate, cherry vanilla, venison, cola, and has a soft, velvety blueberry finish. 15.1% alcohol.Only 203 cases of the 2009 Rock Wall Obsidian were produced. So how many grapes does it take to make 203 cases? About 4 tons according to the winemaker: The Zinfandel and Petite Sirah grapes came to us on September 29th, 2009. With only two tons of each, lots that small always feel like babies, so essentially these two lots were babied a bit. We crushed, fermented and aged them independently of one another, so they could develop their own personalities.The 2009 Rock Wall Obsidian exhibits aromas of cherry vanilla coke and root beer on the nose. This is a sweet, fruity and spicy wine with zing. The high alcohol level adds some heat to the medium long finish. This is a solid 8, my only hesitation is that there is nothing subtle about this wine at all, everything about it is over the top. Its like going to see one of the crazy action movies that Hollywood puts out these days...dont try to think about it too much, just sit back and enjoy the ride and youll have a great time.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 6.3Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110509"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Rock Wall Obsidian Black Rock Ranch"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
903,"  90% Carménère and 10% Cabernet Sauvignon from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $24 but available for as low as $17. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Montes Alpha Carménère - Colchagua Valley From Chile With Pride  Montes Alpha has become, in the past fifteen years, a benchmark for other Chilean wineries to follow, always in search for Chiles full potential. Having chosen the most difficult niche to focus on (hotels, restaurants, wine-merchants, delicatessen), we have constantly created beautfiully complex but really friendly wines that, once tasted, generate solid loyalty from our beloved followers. To them, our gratitude.  Aurelio Montes has pioneered in premium and ultra-premium wines, in discovering new wine regions like the superb Apalta valley and Marchigue (both in Colchagua), in establishing low-yield steep mountain vineyards and, in doing so, has gained wide international recognition. Wine Spectator said it briefly: Montes offers perhaps the broadest range of quality wine in Chile today.  Nourished with T.L.C. (Tender Loving Care) all our vines and wines are the result of personal dedication, a great team and a little help from our Angels.  14.5% Alcohol""Our wine today comes from one of the more celebrated producers in Chile. We previously reviewed the Montes Alpha Cabernet Sauvignon and while we liked it, we found that the price was just too high to justify a buy rating. Today we have another wine on the expensive side, with an SRP of $24. Luckily for us it is available for around $17, but this is still pushing our limit. And so we pose the question we always do...is it worth it? The answer...read on.  The 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère starts with a great bouquet of red fruit, spice, plum and vanilla. The wine tastes of dark fruit and a little black pepper and has a smooth and rich texture. This one has lots of toasty oak flavors that are most predominant on the finish but apparent throughout. This wine has a medium-long finish that features lingering coffee notes. Overall not too bad but the oak overpowers on day 1. I thought it might be better on day 2 but was about the same.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 6.3Second Chance?  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20111021"",  ""title"" : ""Montes Alpha Carménère 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Wines in the Tour of Chile Series 1) 2010 Emiliana Natura Carménère 2) 2008 Casa Silva Los Lingues Gran Reserva Carménère 3) 2008 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Carménère 4) 2008 Montes Alpha Carménère 5) 2009 Carmen Gran Reserva Carménère 6) 2009 Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Carménère 7) 2009 Concha y Toro Marques de Casa Concha Carménère 8) 2007 Haras de Pirque Character   All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
904," Blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, and Cabernet Franc. SRP of $16 but should be available for $11.99. Sample received courtesy Planet Bordeaux for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Ow, we want the funk Give up the funk Ow, we need the funk We gotta have that funk La la la la la Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo, owww!  13.5% Alcohol.""OK, the bottle doesnt really say that, but the bottle doesnt really say anything at all, so I decided to help them out a bit with a little George Clinton.  I had the chance to try the 2009 Château Ballan-Larquette Bordeaux Rosé as part of a recent Planet Bordeaux tasting, and let me tell you the opinions on this one were really split. A few loved it, some did not enjoy it, and many were divided thinking this one really needs the right food pairing to fully appreciate it. Id put myself in the last camp, so take this review with a grain of salt. If youre all about fruit bombs, you wont like this one. If you enjoy a little funk, you might really dig it.  Here then are my tasting notes from the event: Nose: tomato plant (dirt and all), funk, dried strawberries.  Taste: tomato plant again, watermelon, dried herbs, not much fruit.  Finish: Slightly dry and short...does linger a bit but not necessarily in a good way when drinking alone.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 6.3Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110531"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Château Ballan-Larquette Rosé"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
905," A wine from the Magic Kingdom. (Chardonnay Showdown post #1.)   100% Chardonnay fermented in stainless steel (no oak) from Spain. SRP of $14. Available online and at select retailers for as low as $12. Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""OTAZU is unique. Besides being the northernmost winery producing red wine in Spain, it is also a setting, a vineyard, a forest, a magical landscape, and a philosophy of creating high quality wine. Set in the Cuenca de Pamplona basin, it enjoys an exceptional microclimate with mainly Atlantic influences, which favor the personality and quality of the grapes. Otazus hallmark is the unique nature of its terroir and the continuous selection of its wines. We only make wines using grapes from the 115 hectares of our own PAGO DE OTAZU vineyards, set around the winery, which ensures their selection, personality and quality of our wines.  14% Alcohol""OK, its not from THAT Magic Kingdom, but from the Kingdom of Navarra in Spain, in an area the winemaker just described as a ""magical landscape"".  The Kingdom of Navarra is an autonomously ruled region in Spain (kind of like Texas :) with a history going back 1,200 years. It was originally the Kingdom of Pamplona. Navarra is also a limited wine zone within the Kingdom between Rioja and Bordeaux that grows a surprising variety of of grapes. So the Kingdom of Navarra in Spain IS kind of a magical place in terms of history and winemaking but is the Otazu Chardonnay worthy of that label as well? Lets find out.  The 2009 Otazu Chardonnay has aromas of citrus, hay, lemongrass. Those same flavors are evident when tasting in addition to some apricots and melon. The thing that most stands out about this wine is that it smells and tastes remarkably like a Sauvignon Blanc. The finish is on the short side with a bit too much of a flinty component too it. Overall not bad, but if you want a Chardonnay you probably will be disappointed and if you want a Sauvignon Blanc you can probably do better for the price. The wine held up just fine on Day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 6.3Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110620"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Otazu Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results  Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
906,"  100% Torrontés from Argentina. SRP of $13, but available for $11.  Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Alexandra Elman believes in honest wines. Wines which are true to the soil and climate of their places of origin. Alex, an international wine expert, lost her sight in 1995, but that has not stopped her from traveling the world finding exceptional and sustainable wines that are meant to be enjoyed everyday as a celebration of life.  Torronteés is golden of color and has floral notes. It pairs well with lighter fish, sushi, salads and is perfect for sipping all day.  12.8% Alcohol""This is our third review of an Alex Elman wine after previously reviewing the Chardonnay and also the Malbec, which we loved. As the signature white grape of Argentina, lets see how this Torrontés holds up, shall we?  The 2010 Alex Elman Torrontés begins with aromas of floral, citrus, orange zest, and peach. The wine has flavors of citrus and orange zest like the nose but the wine feels a bit flabby. It does show some nice minerality to balance the fruit. Not too bad so far but it kind of falls apart at the finish. The Alex Elman Torrontés has good flavors and is easy to drink, but I wish it had more crispness and a stronger finish.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 6.3Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110820"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Alex Elman Torrontés"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
907,"   100% Riesling from the Finger Lakes. Available for around $12. Sample received courtesy Finger Lakes Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Our Dry Riesling has exotic tropical and citrus fruit flavors. Elegantly balanced by crisp acidity, finishing clean with just a hint of sweetness. Consistently an award winning wine, we boast that Dry Riesling is one of the top wines in our portfolio. Visit Glenora Wine Cellars located on the Western shores of picturesque Seneca Lake, in the New York State Finger Lakes wine region. Best served with poultry, seafood, cheese, and Asian. 11.0% Alcohol.""The 2010 Glenora Wine Cellars Dry Riesling exhibits aromas of apple, tropical fruit (guava), and citrus. The wine tastes of green apple, citrus, grapefruit, and pineapple. The finish is sour and sweet. This wine will be at its best paired with food and will likely hold up nicely to spicy Asian food.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 6.3Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110719"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Glenora Dry Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
908,"  $5.99 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle:Made only from Nero dAvola grapes, this is a great wine with a beautiful rich, bright garnet colour and full bouquet redolent of berries, cherries and spices. The flavour is clear-cut, full-bodied and elegant. Perfect with grilled red meats and game. Serve at 18°C. 13% AlcoholThis is the third of the Epicuro wines sold at Trader Joes. The Aglianico just eeked out a buy rating based on its ability to pair with a pizza. The Salice Salentino Riserva also scored a low buy rating. Neither of these were great wines by any means, but solid for the low price. Unfortunately, I liked the 2008 Epicuro Nero dAvola the least of the three.   Like the other two Epicuro wines, the 2008 Epicuro Nero dAvola also benefits from being run through the Vinturi before drinking. This wine has a pretty distinctive taste. I get cough syrup cherry and wet grass on the nose. The cough syrup cherry carries over to the very juicy palate where is a bit of smokiness coming through as well. The finish is rather sour and is reminiscent of the Lemonhead candy the kids just got in their Easter basket. (Speaking of Lemonheads, did you know they produce 1.9 million of those things every day!) Amazingly, this somehow all adds up to a somewhat drinkable wine, but theres really nothing special here. You can do better at this price point and if looking specifically for a Nero dAvola, I would give the 2008 Archeo a try and buy a box of Lemonheads with the dollar you just saved.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 5              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 6.3Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110426"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Epicuro Nero dAvola Sicilia IGT"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
909," A red blend from Chile with big claims on the label.   $13.99 at Costco, available widely. 65% Cabernet Sauvignon, 20% Syrah, 8% Merlot, 7% Carménère.  From the bottle:Primus is a bold blend that exposes the remarkable diversity of our vineyards in Chile. Striking rich fruit, exotic spice and structure lead to a long, memorable finish.I generally discount any claims made on the label, but ""bold blend"", ""rich fruit"", ""exotic spice"" and a ""memorable finish"" sure sounds nice, doesnt it? Since I had heard good things about previous vintages, I had high hopes for this wine. Unfortunately the 2007 was a bit of a disappointment. The Veramonte Primus begins with a fruity yet musty scent on the nose. The wine is smooth but earthy, oaky and thin. Theres really not much of a finish either. The wine did improve slightly on day 2, but not enough to get this one a Buy rating.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 6.0Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110407"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Veramonte Primus"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
910," Quick reviews on a few wines we drank just before we started the site, that we didnt like much...  2008 Erath Pinot Noir Willamette Valley. $13.89 at Costco.  This one is OK, but is a nowhere near the level of the Willamette Valley Vineyards Pinot Noir.  We might have been a little rough on it since we tasted it just after the WVV, so well give it a second chance rating. Taste: 6. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 6.0, Second Chance?   2008 Estancia Cabernet Sauvignon. $10.99 at Costco. Simply not very good. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It    2008 Padrillos Malbec (Ernesto Catena). $9.99 at Costco. My wife loves Malbec, in fact she hadnt had one she didnt like until this one. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 8. Overall 5.8, Skip It     2008 Chateau Ste. Michelle Cabernet Sauvignon Indian Wells. $13.49 at Costco. This one was just OK. We dont see any reason to buy it again. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 5.3, Skip It      2008 Pure Love Wines Shiraz Layer Cake. $11.99 at Costco. This one is very popular at our Costco, but were really not sure why. Neither my wife or I liked it much. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It       All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
911," Two Cabernet Sauvignons from Napa Valley. One, a 2008. The other, a 2009. One comes from Costco while the challenger hails from Trader Joes. Both are under $15, but which do we prefer? Read on...  First up is the 2008 Kirkland Signature Cabernet Sauvignon from Costco for $12.99.   This wine is actually a blend of 82.3% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10.1% Merlot, and 7.6% Petit Verdot. From Costco: The Cabernet Sauvignon grapes provide deep colors, as well as black currant-cassis notes with impeccable balance and grace, and layered aromas of blackberry with plum, all followed by complex flavors of dark fruit, cherry and cocoa. The Merlot introduces supple tannins and red fruit notes, which are highlighted by the deeper, brooding fruit of Petit Verdot. Careful maturation in French oak barrels add sweet, toasty notes. The challenger is the 2009 Spiral Wines Cabernet Sauvignon from Trader Joes for just $4.99.   From the bottle (which says absolutely nothing about the wine itself): As humanitys oldest symbol the spiral represents eternal change, reminding us that life is not a straight line. It symbolizes new beginnings, renewal and hope for the future. Our wines are the celebration of our quest for growth and love for life. Ummm...OK. A $5 bottle of wine with a cutesy label doesnt sound promising.  So how do they compare? Both wines were good, solid Cabernets especially for the price. The Kirkland Signature was a tad bit smoother, but I thought the Spiral Wines Cab actually offered a bit more depth, which is amazing considering its only $4.99! The people at Trader Joes told me this has been an incredibly popular wine and they have trouble keeping it in stock. I can see why, but I dont think this wine is quite worthy of"
912,"  From Costco comes the 2008 Viña Seña Carménère Arboleda for $13.99. Based on the sign at Costco Wine Enthusiast thought the 2008 wasnt too bad:   Interestingly, the Carménère grape was originally grown in France but never found favor there and is rarely grown today. It has really taken off in Chile; however, where it was confused with Merlot for many years. Wikipedia has more on the history of this grape here.  We found this wine to have a bit of a smoky, slightly spicy, berry flavor. It was a pleasant drink, although not super smooth. While I can say I did enjoy it, there really wasnt anything special about it. If the mood hits me just right, I might pick up another bottle but otherwise I think my money will be better spent elsewhere.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 6.0Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110211"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Viña Seña Carménère Arboleda"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
913," Chardonnay Showdown Post #11   100% Chardonnay from South Africa. 10 months in French oak barrels. SRP of $16, but available for as low as $13. Sample received courtesy The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Created in characteristic Glen Carlou style, this unique Chardonnay has its origins in French oak barriques and was matured for ten months sur lie. The result is a rich, round and complex wine with harmonious balance between fruit and oak. Enjoy now, or within five years from harvest. An ideal accompaniment to fine food dishes requiring a white wine with poise and structure. 14.0% Alcohol""When I started the Showdown, I really thought that the unoaked Chardonnays would win hands down, but that really hasnt been the case. The 2009 Glen Carlou Chardonnay is another wine that has had a pretty significant amount of time in oak, and in this case, it really shows. On the nose are aromas of mango, and almond or butterscotch. The wine tastes of lemon, pear, apple, and oak. So far so good, but its the finish where the oak just overpowers and this is where I have to draw the line for too much oak. Amazing that were 11 wines in and this is the first Chardonnay with really too much oak. Its not that this wine is bad, its really quite good otherwise and I think it could have been really great with a little less oak.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 6.0Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110705"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Glen Carlou Chardonnay"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Chardonnay Showdown Series | Intro | Post #1 | #2 | #3 | #4 | #5 | #6 | #7 | #8 | #9 | #10 | #11 | #12 | Results "
914,"  SRP of $16, but should be widely available for around $14. Sample received courtesy of The Hess Collection for review purposes.  From the bottle:Our Napa Valley vineyards were carefully chosen for the uniqueness and quality of their soils, climate conditions and topography. The Allomi Vineyard, the heart of this wine, is located in northeastern Napa Valley, where warm days provide optimal ripening conditions and cool nights help create this wines racy acidity and fresh flavor profile. Tropical aromatics, classic citrus and lemongrass characteristics pair well with spicy dishes, shellfish and goat cheese. 14.1% AlcoholThe 2009 Hess Collection Allomi Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc exhibits strong aromas of grapefruit, pineapple and lemongrass on the nose, and offers much of the same on the palate. I found this one to be rather refreshing thanks to the nice acidity which balances out most of the citrus flavors. In the end; however, this wine just had too much lemongrass and grapefruit for my taste. I have to admit that I am still searching for the white varieties I like best so I probably grades these a little harder than the average consumer.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 6.0Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110512"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Hess Allomi Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
915,"  Rosé Port from Portugal made using the traditional Port varieties: Tinto Cao, Tinto Roriz, Touriga Franca, Touriga Nacional, and Tinto Barroca. SRP of $20 but I was able to find it for as low as $14.  Sample received courtesy Croft Pink and Thirsty Girl for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Croft Pink is the first ever Porto with a beautiful light ruby color, achieved from light contact with the skins of traditional Porto grapes - lighter in style with a unique crisp and fruity flavor, serve chilled in a wine glass for maximum enjoyment.  19.5% Alcohol"" The Croft Pink Rosé Porto represents a new innovation -- the first rosé Port. Im sure many traditionalists will write this wine off right away as a gimmick, but here at The Reverse Wine Snob we take each drink on its own merit. Regardless of whether a wine is ""true"" to the variety, the question we ask is simply is it good? And then is it good enough to justify the price?  The Croft Pink is definitely not a complex wine. Its pretty straightforward: sweet and hot. The wine has aromas of strawberry syrup, raspberry, cranberries, alcohol, and roses. The taste is rich, sweet and syrupy. The high alcohol shows right away but the finish is relatively smooth.   The Croft Pink would probably would be much better if they dialed down the sweetness a bit, but as it is the wine has potential when paired with the right food. Id go for a rich chocolate dessert. The wine was actually pretty good when I drank it with Joe-Joes (Trader Joes Oreos). Otherwise Id recommend using it in a mixed drink, but I probably would not drink it by itself.   The other redeeming quality about this one is that it will last in the fridge for several weeks which is good because at almost 20% alcohol youll knock yourself out if you try to down the whole bottle.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 6              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 6.0Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110831"",  ""title"" : ""Croft Pink Rosé Porto"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
916," A Portuguese wine with an interesting concept, but how is the execution?   $7.99 at Costco.  From the bottle:A wine born in Northern Portugals wild and mountainous Douro Valley. Created in 1756 by Marquess of Pombal, the Douro is the oldest demarcated wine region in the world.  This wine brings together, in a single bottle, a careful selection of great vineyards, Touriga Nacional (10%), Tinta Roriz (30%), Touriga Franca (30%) and Tinta Barroca (30%) grape varieties and the renowned Portugese winemakers Anselmo Mendes, João Silva e Sousa and M. Antónia Gomes. Intense, ripe fruit flavors, fine balance, marked elegance and a long velvety finish. This is a natural product and over time may leave some sediment.   14.0% AlcoholThe concept here is to create a wine that represents a region in Portugal. Wines and Winemakers by Saven produces a whole series of wines that represent multiple regions, all made by a number of different winemakers. It sounds great, but the question were most concerned about is ""How does it taste??""  We found the Azul Portugal Douro to be a sweet wine with lots of fruit but a bit on the tangy side. It also exhibited a kind of woodsy earthiness that detracts from wine. It was relatively smooth just not very exciting. My wife and I both liked the wine better the first day, so keep that in mind. Overall, you can find better for $8.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 5              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 6.0Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110317"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Caves do Salgueiral Douro Azul Portugal"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
917," A popular budget Malbec from Argentina, but does it measure up?   We found this wine at a local retailer (MGM) on sale for $7.99, but it can be found everywhere for $9.99 or less.  From the bottle: Alamos Malbec is sourced from grapes grown on the lower Eastern slopes of the Andes Mountains in Mendoza. The Catena family has been making wine in the region for more than 100 years. Today, Catena is acknowledged around the world as being a pioneer for quality Argentinean wines. All vineyards are hand-harvested. At the winery, the grapes are hand sorted before being assembled into each Alamos wine. This balanced and full-flavored wine is excellent with chicken, lamb, grilled vegetables and pasta dishes.Our opinion? This is a dry, thin, below average Malbec. We found it be a bit sour and are somewhat mystified about the popularity of this one. Luckily we drank it while watching a really good movie (Secretariat) so all was not lost. Because we were able to get this one for only $7.99 it will just barely get a Second Chance rating, but if you have to spend more than that, our advice would be to Skip It.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 5              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 6.0Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110221"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Alamos Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
918,"  100% Garnacha from Kingdom of Navarra, Spain. SRP of $8 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Wines of Navarra for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""San Martin de Unx, a village in the central Eastern part of Navarra, saw the birth of this winery in 1914 following the collaboration of a group of associates who today number 180 participants. The business started its life in the old Ilageres winery and, later in 2001, made a qualitative leap after the opening of new facilities. The native grape variety Garnacha, with an average age of 25 years, is grown in the winerys vineyards, of over 600 hectares. 13.5% Alcohol.""To put it simply this wine is what happens if you plant explosives inside a jar of blackberry jam and stick it in your mouth. I tasted the 2010 Senorio De UNX Garnacha through a Wines of Navarra tasting event and it seemed to have a polarizing effect on the participants. A few liked it, but this was just too much of a blackberry bomb for me. Besides the blackberry the wine also exhibits an aroma of black cherry cola and sage. The wine tastes all blackberry with a bit of pepper and vanilla. The finish OK, but the blackberry jam just takes over. If you really like a huge fruit bomb, then this wine might just be for you.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 5              Cost Rating: 9Overall Rating: 6.0Second Chance?All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110720"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Other wines reviewed in the Kingdom of Navarra series: 2010 Castillo de Monjardin Finca El Cerezo Chardonnay - UNOAKED, Got It? 2009 Otazu Chardonnay - A Wine From the Magic Kingdom 2010 Gran Feudo Rosado - A Spanish Rosado That Cant Close the Deal 2010 Señorío de Sarría Rosado Viñedo No 5 - A Successful Spanish Rosé Without an Abundance of Fruit 2010 Bodegas San Martin Senorio de UNX Garnacha - A Blackberry Bomb 2008 Malon de Echaide Tinto Roble - A Potential Trader Joes Superstar 2008 Bodega Inurrieta SUR - Blackberry gelato in a bottle 2007 Albret French Oak - A Smooth Spanish Blend 2010 Ochoa Moscatel De Grano Menudo - 500ml Never Went Down So Easy 2006 Marco Real Crianza & Wines of Navarra Wrap-up "
919," Quick reviews on a few wines we drank just before we started the site, that we didnt like much...  2008 Erath Pinot Noir Willamette Valley. $13.89 at Costco.  This one is OK, but is a nowhere near the level of the Willamette Valley Vineyards Pinot Noir.  We might have been a little rough on it since we tasted it just after the WVV, so well give it a second chance rating. Taste: 6. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 6.0, Second Chance?   2008 Estancia Cabernet Sauvignon. $10.99 at Costco. Simply not very good. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It    2008 Padrillos Malbec (Ernesto Catena). $9.99 at Costco. My wife loves Malbec, in fact she hadnt had one she didnt like until this one. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 8. Overall 5.8, Skip It     2008 Chateau Ste. Michelle Cabernet Sauvignon Indian Wells. $13.49 at Costco. This one was just OK. We dont see any reason to buy it again. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 5.3, Skip It      2008 Pure Love Wines Shiraz Layer Cake. $11.99 at Costco. This one is very popular at our Costco, but were really not sure why. Neither my wife or I liked it much. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It       All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
920,"  This wine comes from Costco and is just $11.99. Overall it wasnt bad, but my wife and I both preferred the 2009 Chiusa Grande Montepulciano dAbruzzo Tommolo from Trader Joes. Not only did we rate it higher for Taste, but it is also half the cost, making it a much better buy. (Note: I did see some reports of bottle variation over at CellarTracker, so you might have better luck with it than we did.)  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 5              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 5.5Skip ItAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110215"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Cantina Zaccagnini Montepulciano dAbruzzo"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
921," Tastes just like...grape juice.  $4.99 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle:Marqués de Montañana is the name of a village close to Zaragoza where in the 18th century there were several gourmet marquises. The region Calatayud is known for its high altitude (900 metres) and low yielding Garnacha bush vines which will guarantee us good quality grapes for a long time to come. Black pepper and earthy spiciness with enjoyable tannins. Try with Spanish tapas, on its own or with lamb chops or charcoaled hamburgers. 13.9% alcoholThe 2009 Marqués de Montañana Calatayud Garnacha tastes just like grape juice, and not very good grape juice at that. This is a thin wine, that tastes watered down and ends with a sour finish. It was slightly better on day 2 but still not recommended.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 4              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 5.5Skip ItAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110518"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Marqués de Montañana Garnacha"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
922," A completely forgettable Zinfandel from Trader Joes.   $5.49 exclusively at Trader Joes.  From the bottle:The Trader Joes Growers Reserve Zinfandel was made with organically grown grapes. We believe in working with nature to produce outstanding wines. The Trader Joes Growers Reserve Zinfandel has mouth-filling flavors of ripe berry and plum. Full-bodied with peppery overtones, this excellent red wine compliments full flavored spicy dishes.Im quickly finding that while Trader Joes has some true gems, you have to wade through a lot of not so good wine in order to find them. This would be one of those not so good wines. About the only memorable thing about this wine is that it was organic, but even that is becoming much more commonplace. The 2009 Trader Joes Growers Reserve Zinfandel exhibits an aroma of plum and a bit of pepper, but is very thin and watered down. The wine has very little fruit flavor. There is a tiny bit of spice on the finish but really this wine is quite unmemorable. Check out the current top 10 list for much better options from Trader Joes.  Taste Rating: 4              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 5.5Skip ItAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110418"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Trader Joes Growers Reserve Organic Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
923," Quick reviews on a few wines we drank just before we started the site, that we didnt like much...  2008 Erath Pinot Noir Willamette Valley. $13.89 at Costco.  This one is OK, but is a nowhere near the level of the Willamette Valley Vineyards Pinot Noir.  We might have been a little rough on it since we tasted it just after the WVV, so well give it a second chance rating. Taste: 6. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 6.0, Second Chance?   2008 Estancia Cabernet Sauvignon. $10.99 at Costco. Simply not very good. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It    2008 Padrillos Malbec (Ernesto Catena). $9.99 at Costco. My wife loves Malbec, in fact she hadnt had one she didnt like until this one. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 8. Overall 5.8, Skip It     2008 Chateau Ste. Michelle Cabernet Sauvignon Indian Wells. $13.49 at Costco. This one was just OK. We dont see any reason to buy it again. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 5.3, Skip It      2008 Pure Love Wines Shiraz Layer Cake. $11.99 at Costco. This one is very popular at our Costco, but were really not sure why. Neither my wife or I liked it much. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It       All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
924," Malbec, Malbec everywhere, but which do you choose? Probably not this one.   Available at many retailers for $12.99 or less.  From the bottle:In the 1940s, the Piattelli family immigrated to Mendoza, bringing with them a winemaking legacy from their native Tuscany. Their tradition and passion continue to be the strong legacy behind this prestigious wine. Lujan de Cuyo (elev. 3,200 ft) is a region celebrated for its perfect combination of rocky soils, thermal amplitude and warm sun. These characteristics define the aromas and flavors that distinguish this remarkable wine. Oak barrel aged eight months.  14% alcoholWhile my wife and I really enjoy a nice Malbec, we really have not had good luck with this variety lately. Not sure if the explosion in popularity has led to everyone and their brother selling this wine and the quality therefore suffering, or if we have just become really picky about what we like in this grape. In any case, the 2008 Piattelli Premium Malbec was just not very good. We found it to be really harsh even after running it through the Vinturi. Sour and tangy, not recommended.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 5              Cost Rating: 6Overall Rating: 5.3Skip ItAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110402"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Piattelli Premium Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
925," Quick reviews on a few wines we drank just before we started the site, that we didnt like much...  2008 Erath Pinot Noir Willamette Valley. $13.89 at Costco.  This one is OK, but is a nowhere near the level of the Willamette Valley Vineyards Pinot Noir.  We might have been a little rough on it since we tasted it just after the WVV, so well give it a second chance rating. Taste: 6. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 6.0, Second Chance?   2008 Estancia Cabernet Sauvignon. $10.99 at Costco. Simply not very good. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It    2008 Padrillos Malbec (Ernesto Catena). $9.99 at Costco. My wife loves Malbec, in fact she hadnt had one she didnt like until this one. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 8. Overall 5.8, Skip It     2008 Chateau Ste. Michelle Cabernet Sauvignon Indian Wells. $13.49 at Costco. This one was just OK. We dont see any reason to buy it again. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 5.3, Skip It      2008 Pure Love Wines Shiraz Layer Cake. $11.99 at Costco. This one is very popular at our Costco, but were really not sure why. Neither my wife or I liked it much. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It       All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
926," Quick reviews on a few wines we drank just before we started the site, that we didnt like much...  2008 Erath Pinot Noir Willamette Valley. $13.89 at Costco.  This one is OK, but is a nowhere near the level of the Willamette Valley Vineyards Pinot Noir.  We might have been a little rough on it since we tasted it just after the WVV, so well give it a second chance rating. Taste: 6. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 6.0, Second Chance?   2008 Estancia Cabernet Sauvignon. $10.99 at Costco. Simply not very good. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It    2008 Padrillos Malbec (Ernesto Catena). $9.99 at Costco. My wife loves Malbec, in fact she hadnt had one she didnt like until this one. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 8. Overall 5.8, Skip It     2008 Chateau Ste. Michelle Cabernet Sauvignon Indian Wells. $13.49 at Costco. This one was just OK. We dont see any reason to buy it again. Taste: 5. Value (Cost): 6. Overall 5.3, Skip It      2008 Pure Love Wines Shiraz Layer Cake. $11.99 at Costco. This one is very popular at our Costco, but were really not sure why. Neither my wife or I liked it much. Taste: 4. Value (Cost): 7. Overall 4.8, Skip It       All ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet."
927,"   $10.99 at Trader Joes.  From the bottle:Since 1884, the wines of Don Miguel Gascón have been recognized for the rich, smooth flavors that come from Argentinas Mendoza wine region. High altitude vineyards situated along the Cordillera of the Andes Mountains produce full mature grapes for this classic Malbec. It is full bodied and elegant with soft, round tannins, layered with flavors of blackberry, blueberry, dark cherry, and a hint of mocha.   13.9% alcoholI had high hopes for this one as it was one of the more expensive Malbecs stocked at Trader Joes but once again we find that price means nothing. This wine was simply not very good. It starts out OK with a fruity plum flavor, but then the bottom drops out and it goes downhill quickly. It turns a bit sour and is overloaded with heavy tannins. Perhaps it is just too young (way, way too young) so for the foreseeable future I would skip it. It did get slightly better as it breathed so if you do give it a try, definitely run it through the Vinturi first. Be sure to check out the Interactive Wine Rating Chart for our recommended Malbecs.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 4              Cost Rating: 7Overall Rating: 4.8Skip ItAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110321"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Bodegas Don Miguel Gascón Malbec"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
928,"  From Trader Joes comes this Syrah for just $5.99. Sometimes a $5.99 wine tastes like a $5.99 wine, and sometimes it tastes even worse than that. This is one of those times.  From the bottle: Finally, somebody put it in a bottle. Happiness. Sure took awhile, though. Seeking happiness? What makes happiness? We winemakers pondered this one afternoon in the Cellar. Marriage? Kids?... The label goes on, but it says nothing about the wine itself. Usually I take this as a ominous sign, but after recently being surprised by the Spiral Wines Cabernet, I wanted to give it a try. So we did, and we didnt like it much at all. Sour would be the best word to describe it. Really, it wasnt completely terrible, but it certainly wasnt good, and unfortunately it didnt get any better on the second day. (Maybe we got a bad bottle?)  Weve had good luck with these inexpensive wines from Trader Joes so far, so we really cant complain, and this definitely wont slow us down from trying others.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 3              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 4.8Skip ItAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110218"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Oreana Syrah Project Happiness"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
929," Available at Trader Joes.  From the bottle:""Toscana Rosso is a typical Tuscan red that has been around for centuries. The climate coupled with the calcium rich soil gives the wine its full body and long lingering finish. Indicazione Geografica Tipica is the second of four classifications of wine recognized by the Italian Government created in recognition of high quality wines known as Super Tuscans. Aquila dOro Toscana has a ruby red color, with a fruity nose and dry, well balanced in the mouth with a pleasant lingering finish. It pairs well with pizza, pasta, salads, cheeses or own its own. Store in a cool dry place, serve at room temperature. 12.5% alcohol.""$3.99 might not seem like much money, but you still want to get what you pay for right? If so, skip the 2009 Aquila dOro Toscana. Theres really nothing horrible about it, except that theres really not much of anything at all. It has an aroma of dark cherries and earthiness, but tastes watered down and sour and then just disappears with no finish to speak of. Spend $1 more and grab the DnA Benefactor Cellars, the Spiral Wine Cabernet Sauvignon, or the Archeo Nero dAvola, all at Trader Joes for $4.99.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 3              Cost Rating: 10Overall Rating: 4.8Skip ItAll ratings use a simple 10 point scale with 10 being the best. Find out more about my rating system here and check out the Interactive Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive spreadsheet.  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20110608"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Aquila dOro Toscana"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
930,"   A smooth place to start for those just getting into Port.   Touriga Nacional, Tinta Roriz and Touriga Franca from Douro, Portugal.  Available for as low as $30 for a 750ml bottle. Covered here as a Saturday Splurge but since Port is usually sold in a 375ml or 500ml bottle, the prorated price would be $20 or less. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This Vintage Porto is based on the finest wine at Quinta do Vau, our top rated vineyard in the Douro Valley. Careful blending with varietal wines, made by Sandeman from grapes grown for us by our leading farmers result in this full, rich and distinctive Vau Vantage Porto.   Vau Vantage is an exceptional quality modern style of Vintage Porto. It can be enjoyed young, but will age well in bottle. With intense fruit aromas, rich fruit flavours reminiscent of plums and red fruits in the mouth, Vau Vintage 2000 is a superb match for chocolate desserts.   Serve in large glasses. Cellaring potential 5 to 10 years. Whenever you choose to drink it I hope you enjoy it.  20% Alcohol""The 2000 Sandeman Vau Vintage Porto begins with aromas of ripe and rich fruit, a little caramel and chocolate. The Port tastes surprisingly smooth and light with very little heat. In fact, its so drinkable and smooth that at 20% alcohol this could be dangerous. The wine also features lots of rich fruit (plums and blackberry), dry sweet tannins and a nice structure. Theres even a bit of minerality on the finish that also features some nice spice and more rich fruit. And as you might expect it really shines when paired with chocolate desserts.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130914"",  ""title"" : ""2000 Sandeman Vau Vintage Porto"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/09/sandeman-vau-vintage-porto-2000.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
931,"   Aged to perfection.   100% Tempranillo (Tinta de Toro) from Toro, Spain.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $26 (Saturday Splurge). Imported by Vinos Libres.  From the bottle: ""Bodega Cyan started practicing sustainable viticulture in 2003. Made from 80+ year old dry-farmed bush vines, hand harvested and aged 24 months in French and American oak. A big Toro: chewy, dark, concentrated and intense with layered black fruit, rosemary and other well rounded tannins with a warm finish. Serve with dry aged beef, leg of lamb, or smoky cheeses.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2004 Cyan La Calera Toro is a very aromatic wine featuring dark fruit, mint and dried herbs. The wine tastes dense and delicious with lots of rich dark fruit, dried herbs and spice. This is a substantial wine with chewy tannins and I love it. It ends dry with a very long finish. Fantastic!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130810"",  ""title"" : ""2004 Cyan La Calera Toro"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/cyan-la-calera-toro.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
932,"   A Bordeaux style blend from Tuscany.   50% Cabernet Sauvignon, 10% Cabernet Franc and 40% Merlot from Carmignano, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $33 and purchased for $22.99. Saturday Splurge. Imported by Winebow.   From the winery: ""Intense ruby red in color and extremely concentrated, Carmione offers a powerful bouquet of sweet wild berries, cedar, licorice and spices. This is a full-bodied, rich, well structured wine with jammy fruit, fine tannins and a persistent finish.  Powerful and complex, Carmione is excellent with grilled steak, game, ribs and aged cheeses.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2004 Pratesi Carmione begins with very pleasant aromas of dark fruit, lots of licorice, a little cedar and a hint of tobacco. Tasting the wine reveals a wonderfully dry texture with persistent dusty tannins and really delicious dark fruit. This is a full-bodied, serious wine and while it may be a 2004 vintage it still has a lot of years left. It ends with a long, dry and savory finish.  When tasting this wine I actually had to double check and see if there was any Sangiovese in this one, as I would have guessed that it made up a portion of the blend. Instead its just a Bordeaux style blend, using the basic Bordeaux grapes. Evidence of terroir perhaps?  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130727"",  ""title"" : ""2004 Pratesi Carmione"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/pratesi-carmione.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
933,"   Big, powerful and perfectly balanced.   100% Sagrantino from Montefalco, Umbria, Italy.  SRP of $60 and available for as low as $50 for the 2005 vintage (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Montefalcos tradition as a wine region dates back to the Romans, and Sagrantino, a unique grape variety indigenous to Umbria, epitomises this heritage. Collepiano is Sagrantinos area of production, and refers to the gentle slopes that characterise our hills. Rich and complex, Sagrantino Collepiano, made from 100% Sagrantino grapes, shows notes of red fruit, leather and vanilla; full-bodied, yet elegant and balanced, it is an ideal accompaniment to red meats and roasts.  14.5% Alcohol""Today we have one more Super Splurge for those of you looking to buy expensive wine as a gift. We end this mini-series in Italy, where there is plenty of delicious and expensive wine, but today we feature a variety that is not well known -- Sagrantino. Traditionally made in a sweet style similar to Port, its just been the last 25 years or so where a select group of winemakers (led by the winery behind todays wine, Arnaldo-Caprai) saw the potential for making dry wines from this grape. And what a wine they make. Virtually unheard of outside Italy, and very rare even in the country, Sagrantino is an exclusive treat. Powerful is probably the best way to describe it.   The 2005 Arnaldo-Caprai Collepiano Sagrantino di Montefalco begins with an exquisite aroma loaded with dark berry fruit (black raspberry, blueberry and strawberry) along with notes of lavender, leather, spice and vanilla. The wine tastes extremely delicious -- all that fruit from bouquet continues and is wrapped up in a silky, soft texture. This is a big, powerful, dry, full-bodied wine that exhibits wonderful balance. It ends very dry with lots more luscious fruit flavor that turns a bit tart and then lingers in the mouth for a very long time. Bring on the Sagrantino, I love it!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121222"",  ""title"" : ""2005 Arnaldo-Caprai Collepiano Sagrantino di Montefalco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/arnaldo-caprai-collepiano-sagrantino-di-montefalco.html"" };     Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
934,"   A rather harsh and desolate land produces big, powerful wines.   As you may remember from my post on Oregon wine a couple weeks ago, I was lucky enough to be included in a sponsored media trip to New York by Snooth as part of their Peoples Voice Awards. That excellent seminar (Oregon Wine - Pinot Noir and Much Much More) was the first of many. Today I have another favorite from the weekend, this time on Ribera Del Duero, Spain. And, of course, this wouldnt be The Reverse Wine Snob if we didnt have some recommendations for you so below Ive also selected my three top values from this excellent region interspersed with some information about Ribera Del Duero!  Ribera Del Duero sits on the northern plateau of Iberian Peninsula and literally means ""banks of the Douro"", referring to the river that splits the region and supplies much needed water to the area. This is the same river that flows through Douro and Porto in Portugal, which makes you wonder if theres something magic in the water! The soil in the area is clay -- theres really no topsoil at all.   Perhaps the biggest challenge to growing grapes here is the lack of moisture in the winter. And what a winter it can be, hitting 10 below zero. Combine that with temperatures approaching 105F in the summer and you have one extreme climate. Despite the extreme temperatures, the area, which sits at about 2800 ft above sea level, offers that magical combination for grapes -- hot days and cool nights.    Ribera Del Duero Value Pick #1  Tastes like a lot more than $10!  Our first value pick is a wine that weve previously reviewed as part of our recent Costco Week series and offers the most extreme value in the tasting, especially when you consider that it can be had for just $10! The 2011 Bodegas Barco de Piedra Tempranillo is a 100% Tempranillo featuring deep, dark and rich fruit with a smooth, full texture. This is a great example of a lightly oaked Tempranillo that proves the wine can still be robust and powerful without spending a long time in barrels. It ends nicely with spicy mineral notes and more dark fruit that sticks around for a long time. Read the full review.  Ribera Del Duero produces Tempranillo almost exclusively. (The local name for the Tempranillo grape is Tinto Fino or Tinta Fina.) There is very little to no white white wine production although there is one white grape grown here called Albillo which is sometimes blended in very small quantities into the red wines. Speaking of the red wines, they must contain at least 75% Tempranillo, although most contain at least 90%. Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot usually make up the additional 10% but Garnacha, Malbec and the aforementioned Albillo occasionally show up.   The aging requirements for wine in Ribera Del Duero are the same as Rioja, with Crianza, Reserva and Gran Reserva designations. In other words much of the wine produced here is built to age, and that it does quite well.  Ribera Del Duero Value Pick #2  Heavenly.  Our second value pick is the 2009 Seleccion de Torres Celeste Crianza another 100% Tempranillo with an SRP of $28. (14.0% Alcohol; sample submitted for review.) Lucky for us, it can be had for around $17. The Celeste begins with a really lovely and expressive nose of dark fruit (blackberry, black cherry, black currant) as well as some vanilla. This medium to full-bodied wine wine tastes simply succulent with lots of juicy fruit and a smooth texture. Beware however that if you simply pop and pour this wine youre likely to be disappointed, but let it breathe and you will surely be rewarded. It also has some relatively big tannins that I loved. This is a wine you can easily cellar for few years and it will only get better. It finishes dry with tart, lip-smacking fruit flavors and good length. Heavenly!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 8."
935,"   A lush, complex and delicious wine.   65% Merlot and 35% Sangiovese from SantAntimo, Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $35. I purchased this bottle for $19.99 as part of a special deal but the low price is normally closer to $24 so well cover this one as a Saturday Splurge. 833 cases produced. Imported by Winebow.  From the bottle: ""In ancient times food was very scarce in the area surrounding San Polo. Often a meal consisted of only bread, but enchanted by the breathtaking view the perennially hungry local farmers in the valley where they coined the phrase, ""This panorama is worth Mezzopane"". Meaning the view was so beautiful it was worth half of a meal, or half of a loaf of bread. San Polos vineyards are surrounded by a gentle valley protected by Mount Amiata that stretches to the Romanesque Abbey of SantAntimo.  We dedicate our Mezzopane, a wine made from 65% Merlot and 35% Sangiovese, to this unique place which evokes a sense of wonder and fulfillment in all those who visit.  13.7% Alcohol""The SantAntimo DOC lies in the Montalcino region in Tuscany and covers a similar area as the iconic Brunello di Montalcino DOCG. In fact, todays wine comes from just outside the Brunello production zone. It is also notable in that it is a very similar blend to another favorite Italian wine from this region, the Luce Della Vite Lucente 2009 - A Silky Smooth Saturday Splurge, which can also often be found for right around $20. Lets see if the Mezzopane tastes as good as the Lucente!  The 2005 San Polo Mezzopane SantAntimo Toscana begins with a very nice nose of dark fruit and spice. A little more time in the glass reveals more complexity in the form of floral, dried herb and olive notes. The wine tastes lush, rich and delicious with a wonderful spicy character. It has a full mouthfeel with loads of rich and juicy dark fruit and very good acidity. The finish is dry and long with some nice savory dried herb and olive notes lingering at the end. We found the wine to be just as good on day two. This 2005 vintage is really drinking wonderfully right now, pair it with some rustic Italian food and watch your taste buds go wild.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130525"",  ""title"" : ""2005 San Polo Mezzopane Sant Antimo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/san-polo-mezzopane-sant-antimo.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
936,"   A noble Vino Nobile di Montepulciano.   80% Sangiovese with the balance a mix of Canaiolo and Mammolo from Montepulciano, Tuscany, Italy.  Available for as low as $25 (Saturday Splurge).  From the bottle: ""The Fattoria del Cerro Estate is located in Montepulciano, a renaissance village about 39 miles south of Siena, in Tuscany. With a state of the art cellar and winery, the 1410 acre estate has 385 acres of vineyards, and is marked by the 15th century ""Villa Grazianella"", since 1978 Fattoria del Cerro has produced the most important wine of the area: Vino Nobile di Montepulciano; 80% aged 2 years in Slavonian oak casks, 20% in 60 gallon in French oak barrels. This rich well balanced wine with a smooth finish is made from 80% Prugnolo Gentile (a clone of Sangiovese) and 20% blend of Canaiolo Nero and Mammolo. We recommend serving it with red meat and medium-aged cheeses.  14.0% Alcohol""Vino Nobile di Montepulciano is one of the oldest wines in Italy. As weve noted before, Vino Nobile di Montepulciano is made in and around the city of Montepulciano but does not actually contain any Montepulciano grape. Instead it is made primarily of Sangiovese. Todays wine is a Riserva which means it must spend at least 3 years aging before release, at least one of which must be in oak.  The 2006 Fattoria del Cerro Vino Nobile di Montepulciano Riserva begins with a complex aroma of black cherry, plum, violet, a little anise and other spices, plus a touch of smoked meat and vanilla. Tasting the wine reveals smooth, savory flavors similar to the bouquet. Lots of spice comes out, especially near the finish. Nice, lush tannins help complete this really elegant wine. The finish is dry and long. A noble Vino di Nobile Montepulciano!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130216"",  ""title"" : ""2006 Fattoria del Cerro Vino Nobile di Montepulciano Riserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/fattoria-del-cerro-vino-nobile-di-montepulciano-riserva.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
937,"   A Baby Brunello for Reverse Wine Snobs.   100% Sangiovese from Rosso di Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $37 and available for around $25, and occasionally for as low as $19.99, which is the price I paid for this bottle. (While technically that means this wine meets our $20 limit, since that price is uncommon well cover it here as a Saturday Splurge.) 441 cases produced, imported by Winebow.  From the winery: ""Made from 100% Sangiovese, estate grown in the Teatro and Sorgente vineyards, at an average altitude of 1,400-1,500 feet above sea level. The grapes are harvested at the end of September and the wine is aged in large, 500 liter French oak tonneaux for 12 months.  This Rosso is deep ruby red in color and offers complex aromas of ripe berries and spice. Full-bodied, lush, and beautifully structured, it more resembles a baby Brunello rather than a traditional Rosso di Montalcino.  14.5% Alcohol""Rosso di Montalcino, the so-called Baby Brunello, is grown in the exact same area as Brunello di Montalcino but is made from younger vines and requires much less ageing (both in oak and in the bottle). Importantly for us these wines are also typically less than half the cost of their renowned big brother.  Both are full-bodied wines made from 100% Sangiovese, but Rosso di Montalcino tends to be a fresher, more approachable wine that can be enjoyed right away...sounds perfect for Reverse Wine Snobs! Of course, even at half the cost of Brunello di Montalcino most of these wines are out of our price range so we had to stretch a bit today to include this one.  The 2006 Podere Salicutti Rosso di Montalcino begins with a really lovely aroma of ripe dark berry fruit, a little licorice and cola and a hint of smoked meat and leather. The wine tastes lush with lots of juicy blackberry, a little spice and some nice oaky undertones. Firm tannins lead into the dry and even a bit chewy finish. Very nice...way to go baby brother!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130601"",  ""title"" : ""2006 Podere Salicutti Rosso di Montalcino"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/podere-salicutti-rosso-di-montalcino.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
938,"  100% Tempranillo from Umpqua Valley, Oregon.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $29. Sample received courtesy the winemaker and TAPAS for review purposes.  From the bottle:""The eleventh release of our flagship Tempranillo continues the tradition of quality and excellence expected from our terroir. The penetrating color and compelling aromas allude to the concentration of flavors which follow. Ripe black fruits, savory spice, and well defined tannins convincingly whisper quality. This wine will improve for six to eight years and offers a large plateau of maturity. Decanting is recommended.  The accomplishments of Abacela, ""a vineyard and winery under the Oregon sun"", with Spanish and Portugese winegrapes like this Tempranillo, have established our reputation as a modern era pioneer and leading producer of native Iberian varietal wines in America.  14.4% Alcohol""Its Saturday, which means its time for the next wine in the new Saturday Splurge series on wines over $20. Todays wine comes from Abacela winery which grows traditional Spanish and Portugese grapes in Oregon. In fact, Abacela was the first winery in the Pacific Northwest to plant Tempranillo and I, for one, think they deserve a big thank you.   The 2007 Abacela Estate Tempranillo is a big and bold wine without having a ton of oak, which really lets the fruit shine. But this wine is definitely not one dimensional. It all begins with pleasing aromas of ripe blackberry, plum, spice and some floral notes. This sophisticated Tempranillo tastes very smooth and succulent with deep well integrated tannins. It also features layers of dark fruit, lovely dense spice, a bit of sour cherry and dried herbs. The long, dry finish just keeps on going. Delicioso!  Also check these reviews of other American grown Tempranillo: The Longoria Clover Creek Vineyard Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: America The Beautiful (Saturday Splurge) The Bokisch Vineyards Tempranillo from Lodi, California: Organic and Dynamic. The St. Amant Amador County Tempranillo from Amador County, California: Made In The U.S.A. The Curran Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: A Decadently Delicious Saturday Splurge    See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120114"",  ""title"" : ""Abacela Estate Tempranillo 2007"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
939,"   All hail the Nebbiolo grape!  100% Nebbiolo from Monterey County, California.  SRP of $40 and available for as low as $29 (Saturday Splurge). Sample received courtesy Bonny Doon Vineyard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Ca del Solo is the frontier outpost of Bonny Doon Vineyard and the moniker of our Monterey County farm on the outskirts of Soledad. We are dedicated to producing wines with a particular emphasis on the expression of terroir, or unique sense of place. We farm our Ca del Solo Vineyard according to the precepts of Rudolf Steiner, with the intent of restoring vital life-forces to our soil and respecting the farm as a complex and self-sustaining organism.  Nebbiolo is perhaps the most challenging grape to produce. Its strange growth habit is to develop numerous ramifying shoots, which are suggestive of the myriad branching paths along lifes way, and the number of ways that a winemaker might stumble and fall upon the path to gustatory glory. For Nebbiolo is indeed glorious when it is good; uncompromising and generally closed for business in its youth, with age it blossoms and reveals its occult, labyrinthine treasure. This is a wine that will surely greatly repay cellaring.  13.7% Alcohol""Nebbiolo is a legendary grape primarily found in the Piedmont region of Italy with small amounts, like todays wine, grown in other areas. Nebbiolo is used to make renowned (and expensive) wines like Barolo and Barbaresco. This grape is an absolute favorite of many hard core winos but despite its renown it still only accounts for about 3% Piedmonts production. In addition, these wines usually require significant aging to bring out the best qualities.  All of these things make it very hard to sample this variety in our price range, but we do have a couple under $20 coming up so stay tuned!  Even at the 2007 vintage this is a very young wine. Given that fact, we decided it was the perfect opportunity to try out the tag Viva Scandinavia Aerator and Decanter set that was recently provided to us by tag for review. The unique funnel in the Viva aerator not only causes the wine to bubble up as it is poured, but then directs the wine into thin sheets that run down the side of the decanter to expose it to a maximum amount of air. In addition the decanter is a nice presentation piece that features a wonderful drip-free pour. But the big question is how does it affect the wine?  Honestly, at least in this wine, the difference in the bouquet was night and day. I poured one glass straight from the bottle and then put the rest of the wine through the aerator into the decanter. I immediately poured myself a second glass from the decanter. My wife and I sniffed each and the aerated wine was exponentially more expressive. Does it work better than something like the Vinturi? Its hard to tell, but I think it makes a better presentation and I love that you get both the aerator and decanter at a very nice price -- the set has an SRP of $39.99, but you can find it on Amazon for only $29.99.  But lets get back to the wine, shall we? After aeration, the 2007 Bonny Doon Vineyard Ca del Solo Estate Nebbiolo begins with amazing aromas of plum, ripe dark berry, cinnamon, baking spice, lavender and licorice. Tasting the wine reveals a wonderful silky texture, great expressions of juicy fruit, excellent acidity and dry, dusty tannins. It goes without saying that this wine will age nicely for a decade or more. It ends with a lovely, layered finish that lasts for a long time. Excellent and delicious!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120922"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Bonny Doon Vineyard Ca del Solo Nebbiolo"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/bonny-doon-vineyard-ca-del-solo-nebbiolo.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
940,"  60% Grenache, 32% Syrah, 4% Mourvèdre and 4% Cinsault from the Central Coast of California.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $27. Sample received courtesy Bonny Doon Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Le Cigare Volant is our rendition of a complex, blended Southern French red, named in honor of the cigar-shaped alien crafts banned from landing in the vineyards of Châteauneuf-du-Pape by decree of the village council in 1954. The composition of our Flying Cigar is based on the traditional encépagement of its Gallic analogue; the stellar 2007 vintage is composed of 60% Grenache, 32% Syrah, 4% Mourvèdre and 4% Cinsault. Resistance is futile.  For the optimal tasting experience, we suggest a gentle decanting, allowing the wine to breathe prior to consumption. We aspire to produce wines in a more unaffected, hands-off style, with minimum winemaking intervention or manipulation. Equally we are committed to greater transparency. To this end, we append a list of ingredients used in the production of this wine.  Ingredients: Grapes, tartaric acid and sulfur dioxide.  In the winemaking process, the following were utilized: Indigenous yeast, yeast nutrients, untoasted oak chips and French oak cooperage.  At the time of bottling, this product contained: 50ppm total SO2 and 25ppm free SO2.  14.4% Alcohol""This wine might just might get my vote for the best name because of the wacky and true story behind it, detailed in the quote above from the label. Of course, thats not the only reason for todays Saturday Splurge. Weve reviewed several Bonny Doon wines to date and have absolutely loved them all. Those wines include: Le Pousseur Syrah: An Aroma So Big It Generates Its Own Gravitational Pull Clos de Gilroy Grenache: Make Your Mouth Happy Vin Gris de Cigare Rosé: Fantastic! The rosé equivalent of todays wine. Much like these other three wines, the 2007 Bonny Doon Vineyard Le Cigare Volant is simply delicious. The wine begins with aromas of fruity dark berries, spice, root beer and a little vanilla. Tasting the wine shows lots of rich tannins and zesty spice that complement the bright and tart berry flavors wonderfully. There are also some black pepper and dried herb notes adding complexity. The dry medium length finish shows good acidity. About the only critical thing I can say about this wine is that the finish was a bit shorter than I was expecting although its not short by any means. Another certified Saturday Splurge!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120128"",  ""title"" : ""Bonny Doon Vineyard Le Cigare Volant 2007"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
941,"   It doesnt get much better than this.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Montes Alpha Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   100% Sangiovese from Brunello di Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $39 and purchased for $25 (Saturday Splurge).  From Cameron Hughes: ""Lot 372 2007 Brunello di Montalcino is from one of Tuscany’s most prestigious producers and is considered a leader amongst the Brunelli. This wine was purchased already bottled as a “shiner” and under the producer’s label scored 94 and 93 from The Wine Spectator, Robert Parker and The Wine Enthusiast but not necessarily in that order. Any way you slice it it’s a highly regarded bottle of wine from a highly regarded producer. Here is your chance to grab world class Brunello for a fraction of its normal price - grab this by the case and drink now and over the next 20 years.  14% Alcohol""There are few things we like more than Italian wine here at The Reverse Wine Snob, so when it comes time to splurge we look for the best. Brunello is right at the top of that list, but unfortunately even the cheapest ones can still be expensive. We dont let that stop us however! Thanks to the lower prices inherent in the Cameron Hughes model and a 35% off sale plus free shipping, we were able to snag this one for just $5 over our normal limit -- a steal for Brunello.  The 2007 Cameron Hughes Lot 372 Brunello di Montalcino begins with wonderfully deep, dark aromas of blackberry, plum, black cherry, spice box, super savory herbs, perfumed floral notes and more. It needs a few hours to decant but when it opens up it doesnt get much better than this. All those wonderful flavors from the nose carry over when tasting this delicious wine along with a little leather and licorice. Dry grippy tannins lead into the long mouthwatering finish of juicy fruit and well integrated spice. Jackpot!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140614"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Cameron Hughes Lot 372 Brunello di Montalcino"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/cameron-hughes-lot-372-brunello-di-montalcino.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
942,"   A silky, spicy Super Tuscan splurge.   60% Merlot, 30% Cabernet Franc and 10% Sangiovese from Maremma, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $39 and purchased for $27 (Saturday Splurge). 500 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""Cameron Hughes is an international négociant, sourcing and producing small lots of high quality wine from the worlds best regions.  14.5% Alcohol""Weve talked about the Cameron Hughes business model before and count us as a fan of the value that can be found therein. Of course one of the unknowns with these wines is where exactly they come from, but a quick pull of the cork on todays wine (unintentionally?) reveals the producer to be Poggio Mandorlo in the Montecucco DOC area of Maremma in southern Tuscany, an area between Montalcino (of Brunello fame) and Scansano (of Morellino di Scansano fame).  The 2007 Cameron Hughes Lot 374 Maremma Toscana Super Tuscan begins with an excellent aroma of blackberry, sour cherry, cedar, a little spearmint and olives. The wine tastes dry and grippy and has tons of character, which is just what you want in a Super Tuscan. Sweet blackberry, silky spice and hints of dark chocolate are just a few of the flavors youll find in this luscious, fantastically balanced wine. It ends dry with good length. Splurge away!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140118"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Cameron Hughes Lot 374 Super Tuscan"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/cameron-hughes-lot-374-maremma-toscana.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
943,"  100% Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $24. Sample received courtesy the winemaker and TAPAS for review purposes.  From the winemaker:""Palate Notes: hints of sweet and sultry black forest cake, mocha, notes of cola steeped with lavender and dark black cherries, finishing with a creamy tannic weight.  Food Suggestions: mixed grill meats, chile Colorado with veal, fried manchego with a romesco sauce, chocolate espresso cheesecake with a blackberry grenache.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is another in the series of reviews weve done to date on American Tempranillo. And once again, as Ive said in just about everyone of these reviews, I was really impressed. These wines definitely compare quite nicely with their Spanish counterparts. Here are the wines weve covered so far: The Abacela Estate Tempranillo from Umpqua Valley, Oregon: A Myriad of Multi-Dimensional Flavors. The Longoria Clover Creek Vineyard Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: America The Beautiful (Saturday Splurge) The Bokisch Vineyards Tempranillo from Lodi, California: Organic and Dynamic. The St. Amant Amador County Tempranillo from Amador County, California: Made In The U.S.A. The 2007 Curran Santa Ynez Valley Tempranillo begins with delicious aromas of sweet blackberry, lavender, chocolate and spice. The wine tastes really excellent with succulent fruit flavors and a rich velvety texture. Great peppery spice intensifies all the way to the long, dry and delicious finish and plays fabulously with the fruit flavors. Definitely a wine to seek out for your next Saturday Splurge.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""03312012"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Curran Santa Ynez Valley Tempranillo"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
944,"   Another delicious wine from Greece.  100% Agiorgitiko from Nemea, Greece.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $23. Sample received courtesy New Wines of Greece for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This 100% Aghiorgitko (St. George) is sourced from a single vineyard block in the most extreme location with in the appellation of Nemea. This vineyard is situated at 1050 metres (3465 ft) of elevation making it one of the highest red wine vineyards in all of Europe. This ""extreme"" wine is very limited in production and exhibits a huge red fruit profile and intense color and body. Grande cuvee is a wine that can be cellared for years to come but built to enjoy at release as well. We at Domaine Skouras believe that this wine shows the true essence of what Aghiorgitko can be in true mountain conditions. 1000 cases produced.  13.5% Alcohol""Today, much like a number of other Greek wines weve tried recently, we have another delicious offering. To recap, the excellent Greek wine weve tried in the last few weeks includes the the GAIA 14-18h Agiorgitiko Rosé 2011 - Go To The Greek and the Grande Reserve Naoussa Boutari 2007 - A Dignified and Delicious Saturday Splurge. Todays wine is most similar to the last in that it is another age-worthy red you might not be expecting from Greece.  The 2007 Domaine Skouras Grande Cuvee Nemea begins with wonderful aromas of red cherry, raspberry and vanilla. Tasting this really smooth and savory wine shows great fruit flavors of raspberry and black cherry. There is definitely some oak influence due to spending 12 months in 100% new French oak, but it does not overpower. It ends with a wonderful, long, slow developing finish with good spice and even a little minerality. Really delicious.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120811"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Domaine Skouras Grande Cuvee Nemea"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
945," Find all our Wine Club Reviews here.    Barolo for under $40? Nebbiolo dAlba for well under $20? Too good to be true?   Giordano Wines is one of Italys largest wineries, making wine from most of the regions in the country. All in all they produce over 2,000,000 cases per year. The company is unique in that they have used a direct to consumer model throughout Europe, selling directly to their customers and cutting out the middleman.  Giordano is now bringing that model to the U.S., where it is allowed -- dont get me started on the inane shipping laws and ridiculous three-tier system in our country, again cutting out the middleman and selling direct to the consumer which in theory means lower prices for you. This is something we can no doubt support here at The Reverse Wine Snob.   Currently Giordano Wines ships to FL, NJ, VA, TX, CA, IL, MN, NV, DC, ID, LA, MO, NE, NH, NV, OR, SC, TN, WI and WY and are actively adding more states. They also have a pretty compelling wine club offer called The Italian Wine Club if youre lucky enough to be in one of those states: 7 wines for just $39.90 plus shipping (plus an extra $5 off with code WP2014USA5 through 10/31/2014), including a bottle of the excellent Nebbiolo reviewed below (if you choose the all red collection), a free wooden wine box with many accessories and tasting notes and a binder. Of course this all sounds great but in reality it really hinges on the quality of the wine. Lets check out the three wines they sent me (of the 30 or so they offer) and see how they do!   First up is the 2012 Giordano Puglia Sangiovese ""Apuliae Collection"", a 100% Sangiovese from Apulia, Italy with an SRP of $9.49. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle:  ""This wine comes only from the Sangiovese grapes, which found in Puglia a favorable ground and climate to enhance their characteristics. The scrupulous process of wine-making at the Giordano cellars of Torricella led to this intense red wine, with strong notes of  violet and a dry, harmonious taste. Enjoy this wine throughout the meal and particularly with salami, first dishes and white meat. Serve at 18-20C.  12.5% Alcohol""The 2012 Giordano Puglia Sangiovese ""Apuliae Collection"" begins with a nice aroma of red berry fruit and spice. Tasting this medium-bodied, pleasant, straightforward wine reveals simple, rich red berry fruit and soft tannins. It ends dry with the fruit lingering in the mouth for a good time. A nice Sangiovese for the price that would pair well with pasta. It also held up great on day two.  Taste Rating: 7              Cost Rating: 8Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy  Next up is the 2010 Giordano Nebbiolo dAlba Maestri Italiani, a 100% Nebbiolo from Langhe, Italy with an SRP of $16.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""I carefully followed this wine, from the grapes to the wood ageing and bottling at last. Colour: soft, ruby red. Bouquet: intense and persistent reminding ripe fruit hints and vanilla notes. Taste: clear, well balanced, harmonious, of great character. Food matchings: preferably with tasty courses, game, red meat and ripe cheeses. Open 2 hours before drinking and serve at 20C. - Andrea Morra, Enologo.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Giordano Nebbiolo dAlba Maestri Italiani opens up into a nicely aromatic nose of black cherry and other ripe, dark fruit, dried herbs and spice with a little time in the glass. The wine tastes very nice, with sweet, concentrated fruit and lots of spice. The flavors include black cherry again, blackberry, cola and a little licorice that comes out on the finish, which also features firm dry tannins and good length.  Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Recommended Buy  Lastly, we have the wine geeks delight - Barolo. The 2007 Giordano Barolo is 100% Nebbiolo from Piedmont, Italy and has an SRP of $38.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Nebbiolo grapes grown on the Piemonte hills, in the Barolo wine district, give this distinctive Docg wine. According to tradition, it ages patiently in oak casks, for at least 36 months. Garnet red, complex, bouquet, medium bodied, elegant tannins, with a long bitter cherry finish. Serve at 18-20C with meat stews, roasted meat, game, matured cheese.  14.0% Alcohol""The 2007 Giordano Barolo begins with a very nice aroma of dark fruit and spice along with a little vanilla. The wine tastes of rich red and black fruit with loads of spice that lasts all the way to the finish. This is a very drinkable wine, that while perhaps not super complex (for Barolo), is really delicious. It ends with more spice and fruit on the finish that continues for a long time. Not bad for a sub $40 Barolo!  Saturday Splurge  I cant speak for the other 25+ wines they offer, but these three were all quite good! If youre a fan of Italian wine youll probably want to check out their Italian Wine Club offer: 7 wines for just $39.90 plus shipping (plus an extra $5 off with code WP2014USA5 through 10/31/2014), including a bottle of the excellent Nebbiolo reviewed above (if you choose the all red collection), a free wooden wine box with many accessories, tasting notes and a nice binder in which to keep those notes.  This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
946,"  100% Xinomavro from Naoussa, Greece.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $21. Sample received courtesy New Wines of Greece for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Aged in Oak  Committed to family tradition, we integrate our experience and art of winemaking in every bottle, in every vintage. Made from selected grapes of the Xinomavro variety, aged over four years in oak barrels and bottles.  Boutari was founded in Naoussa back in 1879 and has been clearly associated with the region for many decades. Grande Reserve Naoussa Boutari enhances the character of the Xinomavro variety and is apt to further aging. Serve at 18°C with game, red meat and spicy cheeses.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is made from the Xinomavro grape, a variety indigenous to Northern Greece and pretty much exclusively grown there. It is considered by many to be ""Greeces best grape"" and makes wines capable of significant aging. Todays wine is a Grande Reserve, which means it has a minimum of two years in barrel and 2 years in bottle.  The 2007 Grande Reserve Naoussa Boutari begins with a really enticing, delightful aroma of ripe blackberry, leather, cinnamon, vanilla and spice. Just a wonderful bouquet. The wine tastes smooth and succulent with mild but firm tannins and has great balance between fruit and oak. It gets even better as it has time to breathe. The delicious juicy fruit turns tart on the medium-long, dry finish and leaves you with some lingering olive notes. This is an extremely drinkable wine with great intensity of flavor -- really delicious stuff. Im a fan of Xinomavro.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120804"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Grande Reserve Naoussa Boutari"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
947,"  40% Sangiovese, 25% Alicante, 25% Syrah and 10% Carignan from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $36. Available for as low as $28 (Saturday Splurge). Sample received courtesy La Mozza and Dark Star Imports for review purposes.  From the winery: ""Aragone is a distinctive wine made in a region famous for Super-Tuscan blends with Bordeaux varieties. This wine looks not to the Medoc, but to the Mediterranean. Indigenous Sangiovese is blended with Syrah (typical of Southern France), Alicante (typical of Spain) and Carignan, creating a Super-Med blend that brings together these noble grapes and highlights the heritage of winemaking from across the Mediterranean. The name Aragone refers to the Aragons of Spain, who together with the Medici family of Florence, dominated the region of Maremma in the 1500s. The six-point star depicted on the label, represents an aerial view of Forte Stella, which is located in Porto Ercole just south of Grossetto, built by the Spanish around 1550.  13.5% Alcohol""Ive been on quite a winning streak of Italian vino lately with wines like the delicious and affordable Fratelli Barba Colle Marino Montepulciano, the unique and intriguing Castelfeder Pinot Grigio from Alto Adige, the pizza ready Lagaria Syrah-Nero dAvola and back to Alto Adige for the delicious native grape of Lagrein. Weve got many more Italian reviews coming over the next few weeks, but today we turn to a Sangiovese based blend from the Bastianich family, who you may be familiar with from their restaurants and TV shows like Master Chef (Joe Bastianich) and one of my daughers favorite shows Lidias Italy (Lidia Bastianich, Joes mom). Well talk more about their wine ventures in upcoming reviews of some of their other wines, but suffice it to say for now, they know their wine and todays wine is a fine one indeed.  The 2007 La Mozza Aragone Maremma Toscana begins with very pleasant ripe black cherry, licorice, spice and floral aromas. Tasting this wonderfully balanced wine reveals flavors similar to the bouquet: rich and delicious ripe dark fruit, licorice, a bit of earthiness and good spice. This Italian Saturday Splurge is simply delicious with a texture I can best describe as ""deeply smooth"". It ends with a dry, excellent finish. Extremely enjoyable to drink and a reminder that theres nothing quite like a great Italian wine!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120908"",  ""title"" : ""2007 La Mozza Aragone Maremma Toscana"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/la-mozza-aragone-maremma-toscana-2007.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
948,"  50% Touriga Nacional, 20% Touriga Franca, 20% Tinta Roriz and 10% Tinta Barroca from Douro Valley, Portugal.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $25. Sample received courtesy Wines of Portugal for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""From the region of Envedosa do Douro (Cima Corgo), and vinified at Quinta das Quartas in Regua, this medium-bodied red wine is elegant and sophisticated with flavours of dark cherries, licorice and white pepper. Enjoy with all meats, game and a variety of cheeses. Fermented in stainless steel tanks under controlled temperature this wine has matured for twelve months with French and American oak barrels which imparts a finesse.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is made from a blend of mostly traditional Portugese grapes, like Touriga Nacional and Touriga Franca, which are the primary varieties used in Port wines. Touriga Nacional in particular is considered to make Portugals best wines, but these vines produce very few (and small) grapes so it can be very expensive. But as weve discussed before fewer grapes usually equals more flavorful wines, and we like flavor! And lucky for all of us Touriga Nacional is being used more and more to make excellent table wines, like todays.  The 2007 Pocas Reserva Red Douro begins with a really pleasant aroma of ripe black cherry and plum plus lots of spice, a little raisin and licorice. When tasting the wine the fruit turns more to red berries -- strawberry and raspberry -- and those spice and licorice notes continue from the bouquet. This is a really delicious and enjoyable wine to drink with a great smooth mouthfeel. It ends dry and delicious with lingering fruit flavors that turn to some light chocolate notes on the finish. A really excellent wine with nice complexity and balance, and its even better on day 2!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120721"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Pocas Reserva Red Douro"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/07/pocas-reserva-red-douro-2007-elegant.html"" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
949,"   A Choice Blend of Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Carmenere Crafted in Chile. #AwesomeAlliteration  65% Cabernet Franc, 30% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Carménère from Maipo Valley, Chile.  SRP of $40 and available normally for as low as $33 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.   From the bottle: ""Santa Rita is broadly recognized as an international ambassador for world class Chilean wines. Since our foundation in 1880, Santa Rita has focused on crafting superb quality wines becoming one of Chiles most admired, traditional and innovative wine estates.  Our Alto Jahuel Estate occupies a unique location being both in the heart of the Maipo Valley and besides the foothills of the Andes Mountains. It is regarded as one of the finest vineyards in Chile and produces this exceptional wine, which reveals the extraordinary terroir of the area. Triple C takes its name from the three varieties used in the blend: Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon and Carmenere. All three varieties originated in Bordeaux and are estate grown with great care. Therefore, it benefits from the best of both the Old and New World, combining the elegance of traditional grape varieties with the most modern New World techniques. To allow it to reveal its full expression, the wine was not filtered and therefore, decanting is recommended.  14.5% Alcohol""Weve long been fans of wine from Chile here at The Reverse Wine Snob and todays Bordeaux-style blend is a great example of just what this under-appreciated region is capable of -- making delicious wine.   The 2007 Santa Rita Triple C begins with a really lovely aroma of black cherry, smoked meat, plum, licorice, wonderful baking spice and even a little cinnamon. You will; however, want to give this wine some to breathe to get the best experience. We were impatient so we put our new Soiree In-Bottle Wine Aerator to good use which youll hear more about in tomorrows post. Tasting the wine revealed a full, smooth, mouth-coating texture with prominent tannins and strong acidity. This wine is loaded with dark fruit like blackcurrant, plum, blackberry and even a little raisin. Add in some toasty oak, licorice, black pepper, spice and a little vanilla and youve got a home run. And it was even better on day 2!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121208"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Santa Rita Triple C"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/santa-rita-triple-c-2007-home-run.html"" };     Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
950,"   A frugal Brunello.   100% Sangiovese from Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $60 and available for $50 (Saturday Splurge). 3,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""For centuries, grapes of superior distinction have sprung from the rich soil of the Tuscany region of Italy. Yet even these gifts of nature can only be transformed into wines of distinction by the hands of skilled craftsmen, like the generations of artisans who have nurtured the vines of Toscano Vineyards, and tended our casks. The fruits of their unmatched artistry are now in your hands.  13.5% Alcohol""Ahh, Brunello di Montalcino, perhaps the most renowned of all Italian wines. Unfortunately, with that renown comes very high prices. Todays wine is expensive for sure at $50, but for Brunello its definitely on the low side which is what Reverse Wine Snob is all about it -- finding wines that overdeliver for the price. Toscano Vineyards also has a great story that well get into in a future post featuring many more of their delicious wines, but for now lets find out if this Brunello is worth the price tag.   The 2007 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Brunello di Montalcino begins with a bit of a closed nose at first, but the more air it gets the better it smells. Black cherry, sweet spice, dried herbs, vanilla and a little raisin combine to make quite a nice aroma. The wine tastes full-bodied, smooth and silky with delicious dry and sweet tannins. This is a serious wine with a wonderful spicy streak that lasts all the way through the long finish. This wine should be able to age in the bottle for quite awhile as well. Yum!  Find this wine at VinoShipper here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130413"",  ""title"" : ""2007 Toscano Vineyards Artigiani Brunello Di Montalcino"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/toscano-vineyards-artigiani-brunello-di-montalcino.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
951," [EDIT: Check out the review of the latest vintage!]   60% Grenache Noir, 25% Syrah and 15% Mourvèdre from Central Coast, California.  SRP of $30 and available widely for $23. Sample received courtesy the winemaker for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""The 2008 Espérance marks a serious shift in vineyard sourcing, which (in my opinion) has yielded a much bigger, more profound wine! We sourced all of the Grenache Noir (John Alban clone) for this vintage from the Terra Bella Vineyard in the West Side Paso Robles...Grenache is the backbone of this wine, with 25% Syrah added from the cooler climes of the Santa Ynez Valley, to add spice notes and tannins to the very rich and fruit forward Grenache. We finished the blend off with Mourvèdre that is grown on very steep hillsides in Paso Robles...a unique Mourvèdre that lends a floral, lifted note to the wine. We also shifted our winemaking and aging regimen with this vintage...employing more whole clusters into the small-lot Grenache fermentations, and a higher percentage of new French Oak...33% new, with the balance 1-3 years old.  ""Espérance"" translates into ""Hope"" from French to English. With this wine, we ""hope"" to not only recreate the great reds of Southern France, but we further ""hope"" to craft a wine that will inspire your senses the way we were inspired over a decade ago.  15.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is the first in a new series on wines over $20, entitled ""Saturday Splurge"". Now before you go thinking were changing our tune around here let me explain. While this blog is all about (and will continue to be all about) finding great wine under $20, we will admit there is also plenty of good wine over $20. And while its pretty rare the we will spend that much ourselves, we know that many of our readers like to splurge every once in awhile, and this is OK. Maybe you just want to try something new. Or maybe you just need to convince yourself again that wine under $20 can be just as good as the expensive stuff (those sneaky marketers can be pretty effective). Or maybe youre buying for a wine snob who simply cant get past the price. And then there are those varietals/blends you may want to try that simply cant be found for under $20. Well, this new series is for all those occasions.   Every Saturday (at least for the foreseeable future) well bring you a ""Saturday Splurge"" selection that passes the Reverse Wine Snob taste test. We wont score these on our normal rating system, but well only recommend wines that we really like.  And so to kick-off this new series we go to a producer that we love, Andrew Murray Vineyards, whose Tous Les Jours Syrah currently holds the top spot on our Top 10 list. Todays wine can be found for as low as $23 so its not too much of a stretch. Of course the real question is...how does it taste?   The 2008 Andrew Murray Vineyards Espérance begins with big fruity aromas and some smoky black pepper and floral notes. The wine tastes really smooth with rich and succulent dark fruit flavors of blackberry and black cherry. A nice kick of spicy tannins flow naturally on the finish and add a great texture to the wine. This one has a long finish with just a little bit of heat. Some might find this wine to be a tad over the top but if youre a fan of big, rich and fruity wines this wine is for you. A perfect wine for our first...  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120107"",  ""title"" : ""Andrew Murray Vineyards Espérance 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };  "
952,"   A blackberry patch in a bottle.   41% Cabernet Franc, 39% Cabernet Sauvignon and 20% Merlot from Niagara Escarpment, New York.  SRP of $25 and available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This wine is aged for 23 months in oak barrels. Each barrel is individually selected for this blend with a goal of making the best possible wine, rather than emphasizing individual varietal character. Highly structured with lots of complexity and body to go well with up to the heartiest meals.  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards is a sustainable winery located in Niagara County, NY. We specialize in hand crafted, traditionally made wines. We make our wines with an obsessive focus on quality and respect for the environment. Please be environmentally responsible and recycle this bottle, aluminum capsule and cork (empty first!)  13.3% Alcohol""Were nearing the end of our ongoing series on Meritage, with just one more wine to go after today. Hopefully youve found some new wine to try as weve made our way through this series. I also hope that Ive encouraged you to try wine from some new places, like New York state. You may remember one of the wines we covered earlier in the series was a knock-out from the Niagara Escarpment in New York: Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara. Well, we liked it so much we had to include its big brother as well, the Reserve.   The Reserve uses a similar blend, but ups the Cabernet Franc from 31% to 41%, the Cabernet Sauvignon from 35% to 39% and drops the Merlot from 34% to 20%. Cabernet Franc is a popular variety in cooler climates, as it ripens earlier and more reliably than Cabernet Sauvignon. And while New York is a cooler climate area, the conditions in the Niagara Escarpment help to create moderate temperatures which in turn means an easier time ripening grapes. If the grapes dont ripen sufficiently then you have lower sugar levels (and thus lower alcohol) and generally more ""green"" flavors in the wine (but generally also higher acidity). For todays wine it doesnt appear there was any issue ripening the grapes because this one is loaded with ripe fruit flavors!  The 2008 Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve begins with lots of ripe berry aromas, vanilla, maple syrup and brown sugar. Tasting the wine reveals tons of ripe, juicy blackberry. Youll find some nice vanilla and black pepper notes as well, but this one is mostly about the ripe berry fruit. Sweet oak notes, fine tannins and a nice underlying streak of minerality round out this medium-bodied wine which we found to be surprisingly good with dark chocolate. It finishes with good length, those berry and oak notes lingering in the mouth for a good bit. The whole thing was even a bit better on day two leading me to believe the wine is still a bit young and will probably get even better from here. Yum!  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130504"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/arrowhead-spring-vineyards-meritage-reserve.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
953,"   The Ribera Del Duero delivers another winner.   100% Tempranillo from Ribera Del Duero, Spain.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $19.99 but more commonly in the low $20s so well cover this one as a Saturday Splurge. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Bodega Matarromera is an 80-hectare estate located in the heart of Ribera del Duero. The 2008 Crianza was aged for 12 months in American oak; it is deep purple colored, has a fragrant nose of cedar, pencil lead, tobacco, spice box, and blackberry. On the palate it is dense; for a medium to full-bodied wine it has significant structure. Excellent with stews, game and all meat courses. Pairs well with strong cheese; an aged Manchego for example.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2008 Bodega Matarromera Crianza begins with pleasant aromas of blackberry, plum, menthol and a little bit of anise. As we mentioned the other day, if you like a big, serious wine then Ribera del Duero is your place and this wine is no exception. Tasting the wine reveals lots of dark fruit, lots of leather (especially on the finish), herbal notes and some zesty minerality that leads into the very long, dry finish. Some lingering tobacco notes close out this excellent wine.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130622"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Bodega Matarromera Crianza"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/06/bodega-matarromera-crianza-2008.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
954,"   Simply a super savory wine!   100% Syrah from San Luis Obispo County, California.  SRP of $35 (Saturday Splurge). Available directly from the winery. Sample received courtesy Bonny Doon Vineyard for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""From the dramatically unexpected geological extrusions (No one expects the Schistous Inquisition!) and the alluvial rock outcropping dreamscape of the Alamo Creek Valley, located slightly Northeast of the town of Santa Maria -- the place where the wild things roam -- comes intensely concentrated and mineral-rich syrah. Deeply colored, seductively perfumed, peppery and gamey, with breathtaking balance; for optimal expression, we suggest a gentle decanting, allowing the wine to breathe an hour or two prior to consumption.  13.5% Alcohol""Bonny Doon Vineyard and Syrah, two of my favorite things. No more explanation needed for why we had to consider todays wine in our Saturday Splurge series. And boy are we glad we did.  The 2008 Bonny Doon Vineyard Alamo Creek Syrah begins with a wonderfully inviting bouquet of dark fruit but even more notable is the amazing gamy, smoked meat and dried herb character. You simply cant wait to take a sip after smelling it. When you do, you are greeted with a SMOOTH wine featuring more dark fruit and spice plus silky tannins and almost the perfect amount of smoked meat. It ends with a great savory, dry finish with good length. A really delicious wine that is seriously hard to stop drinking once you start.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121020"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Bonny Doon Vineyard Alamo Creek Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/bonny-doon-vineyard-alamo-creek-syrah.html"" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
955,"   Made by a (benevolent) mad scientist.  45% Grenache, 30% Syrah, 13% Mourvèdre, 7% Cinsault and 5% Carignane from Central Coast, California.  SRP of $65 and available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This inaugural bottling of a special cuvée of Le Cigare Volant is identical to our normale, but, owing to its unorthodox elevage, quite different in its presentation. After a short tenure in barrel, assemblage, and completion of malolactic fermentation, the wine was removed to 5-gallon glass carboys (bonbonnes), where it reposed sur lie for 23 months. This yielded a rare degree of integration and complexity, plus a preternatural degree of savoriness. This Reserve bottling is composed of 45% Grenache, 30% Syrah, 13% Mourvedre, 7% Cinsault, and 5% Carignane.  14.2% Alcohol""Today we have another special super splurge for the diehard wino in your life. As I explained in our post on the Mira Winery Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon 2008 - Give Them What They Want: ""If youre like me you may have a few wine loving friends that simply insist on spending more than $20 a bottle. And while I applaud efforts to try and convert them to our ways, or even at the very least get them to grudgingly admit wine under $20 can be ""OK"", gift giving at the holidays is not the time to do it. I say give them what they want, it is a gift after all! And so to aid you in these efforts Ill be highlighting a handful of Saturday Splurge wines leading up to Christmas that are a bit outside our normal price range, I hope youll bear with me and even find this helpful!""And today we have the perfect wine. In addition to the amusing story of where the wine gets its name (a village council banned cigar-shaped alien aircrafts, le cigare volant, from landing in the vineyards of Châteauneuf-du-Pape in 1954 after they were rumored to have been spotted) the Reserve version of this wine is even more unique due to the method of aging it.   Instead of using barrels, or stainless steel, the wine is bottled up in small glass containers like a home winemaker would use: ""What we do is after the Cigare Volant normale has finished malolactic fermentation and the final blend composed, we then add a modest amount of sulfur dioxide (maybe 35 ppm.), bottle the wine up in 5-gallon carboy, seal them up very tightly, and place the bottles on their sides. The lees that repose at the bottom are agitated with a Teflon-coated stir bar inside the bottle through the agency of strong magnets, thus re-suspended."" Did you catch that last part about the magnets? Basically a steel rod is inserted into each glass container and then magnets are run over the outside of it to stir the wine and ""agitate the lees"". (Lees are the dead yeast cells and other material that sinks to the bottom, stirring this can help improve the flavor of the wine.) Getting the idea that theres a mad scientist behind all this? I doubt this is the first time Randall Grahm has been referred to as such! But enough talk, lets see how this wine tastes!  The 2008 Bonny Doon Vineyard Le Cigare Volant Reserve begins with a strong and savory aroma of blackberry, black cherry, smoked meat and leather that continues to evolve and change the more time it has in the glass. The wine tastes wonderfully savory with just a little spice (that intensifies on the finish), dark ripe fruit like black cherry, blackberry, raspberry, and even some nice minerality. And thats not it! Theres also good acidity and nice silky smooth tannins with just a hint of dustiness. It ends with a long, dry and savory finish. Guaranteed to make someones Christmas merry.  Want something almost as good but quite a bit less expensive? Also check out the non-reserve version of this wine. We reviewed the 2007 previously and after recently tasting the 2008 I can confidently say that it is excellent as well:  Bonny Doon Vineyard Le Cigare Volant 2007 - A Sophisticated and Scrumptious Saturday Splurge.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121215"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Bonny Doon Vineyard Le Cigare Volant Reserve"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/bonny-doon-vineyard-le-cigare-volant-reserve.html"" };     Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
956,"  85% Semillon and 15% Sauvignon Blanc from Sauternes, France.  SRP of $25 for a 375ml bottle and available for as low as $23. Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Golden color with hints of light amber. The nose offers superb freshness with exotic fruit; in the mouth there is a well-structured sweetness that is not excessive and finishes with slightly candied citrus flavors.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from the Sauternes region of Bordeaux, an area known for noble rot. What exactly is noble rot, you may ask? It is a benevolent fungus (called Botrytis cinerea) that causes grapes to become partially raisined on the vine, which results in very concentrated and sweet flavors. It occurs when very moist conditions are followed by dry conditions, which is common to this area, but does not necessarily happen every year. When it doesnt happen the wineries in Sauternes produce dry white wines with their grapes, but when it does, they are able to produce some really delicious sweet wines.    The 2009 Château de Cosse Sauternes from Château Rieussec (Barons de Rothschild) begins with restrained aromas of papaya and pineapple plus some old wood. The wine tastes sweet with flavors of papaya and other tropical fruit, raisins, honey, lemon and a bit of a nutty flavor. The wine ends with more sweet papaya and a lasting zesty finish. Itll leave you licking your lips to get one last little bit of sweetness.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120407"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Château de Cosse Sauternes"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
957,"   A Work of Art.   51% Cabernet Sauvignon, 36% Merlot, 6% Cabernet Franc, 6% Malbec and 1% Petit Verdot from Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $55 and purchased for $35 (Saturday Splurge).  From the bottle: ""Cara Barer, Artist Artist and photographer Cara Barer transforms volumes of outdated information such as a common reference book into intricately coiled objects of beauty and photographs the outcome. The way we choose to research and find information is in an evolution. I hope to raise questions about these changes, the ephemeral and fragile nature in which we now obtain knowledge and the future of books.  Bob Bertheau, Winemaker The 16th Artist Series comes from a cooler 2008 vintage that required patience and good site selection. The grapes were almost exclusively from our estate vineyards in warm sites with very low crop loads to assure concentration and full ripeness. Optimal hangtime in this cooler year imparted a racy yet agreeable quality due to slightly higher acidity.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine is rather unique for what is on the outside of the bottle, something we dont normally focus on a whole lot on here at The Reverse Wine Snob, but since this is a selling point of the Artist Series of wines from Chateau Ste. Michelle, its worth taking a look at. Heres the idea behind the project:  ""Wineries and artists have long intertwined their craft, drawing inspiration from one another. In the spirit of this tradition, the Artist Series Meritage wines honor a selection of world-class artisans. The result is a Bordeaux-style blend crafted for power and longevity, and intended to change with every vintage’s unique character. Each vintage is presented in a unique collector set.""The 2008 vintage includes three different labels from artist Cara Barer. Im normally not a huge art fan, but I have to admit her photography is pretty cool. Id definitely hang it on my wall. Of course our main concern is not whether the outside of the bottle is a work of art, but whether whats inside is as well -- lets find out.   The 2008 Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage begins with a wonderful, strong aroma of plum and other dark berries, cocoa, violet and lovely spice notes. Tasting the wine reveals layers of rich and juicy fruit, spices, and minerals that combine with a silky smooth mouthfeel and fine chalky tannins to produce a really fabulous wine. This wine spent 20 months in 85% new French oak but I never would have guessed it as the oak flavors are really well integrated already. On the excellent finish the fruit turns a bit tart and those chalky tannins linger in the mouth for a good long time. Truly a work of art in more ways than one!  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130420"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/chateau-ste-michelle-artist-series-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
958,"   A Saturday Splurge to add to your cellar as a birth year wine.   100% Sangiovese from Siena, Tuscany, Italy.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Bodegas Franco-Espanolas Rioja Bordon Gran Reserva 2004 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   SRP of $55 and available for as low as $37 (Saturday Splurge). Imported by Palm Bay International. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Color: Deep ruby red.  Aroma: Complex and fresh, with inviting fruit aromas balanced by oak imparted spices.  Taste: Well-structured and full-bodied, with fine tannins that promise great aging capacity; long and impressive finish.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is a bit pricey even for our Saturday Splurge series, but hey its Brunello. Plus theres a reason for our splurge on this wine, and that is simply that as a dad to 3 kids Im always on the lookout for birth year wine. What is birth year wine, you ask? Its wine with a vintage from the year each child was born that has the ability to age for 20-30+ years. Its wine that that we can pop open to celebrate special occasions in our kids lives, such as a graduation, marriage, first kid, etc. And sometimes you have to pay a bit more for a wine that is capable of going this distance.  The 2008 Col dOrcia Brunello di Montalcino begins with very pleasant and aromatic nose of tart cherry, dried herbs, floral notes and a little anise. The wine tastes dry with tart cherry, oak, tobacco and leather notes plus smooth, firm and substantial tannins. This wine is still young but has very good balance nonetheless which bodes well for its ageability. It ends with a mouth drying tannic finish featuring long lasting tobacco, spice and tart berry flavors. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140308"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Col dOrcia Brunello di Montalcino"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/col-dorcia-brunello-di-montalcino.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
959,"   A satisfying circle of flavors from Sicily.   50% Ansonica and 50% Chardonnay from Marsala, Sicily, Italy.  SRP of $40 and available widely for around $35 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Founded by a Sicilian family with 150 years of premium winemaking experience, Donnafugata means fleeing woman and refers to Queen Maria Carolina, who in the 19th century took refuge in western Sicily where the vineyards are today.  Made from 50% Ansonica, 50% Chardonnay, Chiaranda is an elegant wine with exotic fruit notes enhanced by partial barrel aging. Serve with lightly chilled fish and poultry.  13.0% Alcohol""Ansonica, also known as Inzolia, is a white grape grown primarily in Sicily and used in the production of the fortified wine Marsala. It can also commonly be found blended with Vermentino to make table wines. A distinguishing feature is the pleasant nutty character it imparts to a wine and thats exactly what it does in todays wine. And for those who rather not splurge to check out this grape, Donnafugata also makes a less expensive white that contains Ansonica: Donnafugata Anthilia Sicilia Bianco 2011 - A Succulent Sicilian.  The 2008 Donnafugata Chiaranda Contessa Entellina Bianco begins with a pleasant and intriguing combination of aromas: pear, honeysuckle, baked apple, a little spice, and some light buttery and nutty notes. The wine tastes silky, thick and slightly creamy but still with crisp fruit edges. It features honey, pear, apple and some wonderful spicy notes. The wine has obviously gone through some oak aging, but its quite tasty and not overly oaky at all. Oftentimes I find that the truly excellent wines shine on the finish and that is exactly the case here. It ends fruity but then as the long finish continues those buttery and nutty notes from the nose reappear to tie everything together in a harmonious fashion. Tremendous.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130406"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Donnafugata Chiaranda"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/donnafugata-chiaranda-harmonious.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
960,"   Luscious!  70% Nero dAvola and 30% Cabernet Sauvignon from Sicily, Italy.  SRP of $40 and available for as low as $27 (Saturday Splurge). Sample received courtesy Donnafugata for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The jewel of this 150 year-old family winery, Tancredi has notes of licorice, cacao and black cherry. Pair with meats and aged cheeses.   13.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second weve sampled from Donnafugata, a Sicilian winery, and its another winner. A few weeks back we tried one of their white wines, the Anthilia Bianco (A Succulent Sicilian) and came away impressed. Sicily is well known for their wine and Nero dAvola may be their secret weapon. Or maybe its not so secret, but Im not sure it gets the respect it deserves...yet. Todays wine adds some Cabernet Sauvignon to the mix and the result is quite nice.  The 2008 Donnafugata Tancredi Sicilia Rosso begins with simply a luscious aroma once it has some time to open up. Red cherry, blackberry, blueberry and pleasing minty spice lead the way. Tasting the wine reveals more sweet and tart berries, but it doesnt stop there. Add in lots of licorice, well integrated spice, good balance and a silky and lush texture and this is shaping up to be an excellent wine. It ends dry with soft tannins and more sweet and tart berries as well as lingering chocolate notes. This one is probably still a tad young, so Id recommend aerating or decanting it before drinking. It held up just fine on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121006"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Donnafugata Tancredi Sicilia Rosso"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/donnafugata-tancredi-sicilia-rosso-2008.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
961,"   Splice the mainbrace!   48% Cabernet Sauvignon, 35% Merlot, 8% Petit Verdot, 6% Malbec and 3% Cabernet Franc from Dry Creek Valley, California.  SRP of $40 and available for as low as $34. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""In spite of rock and tempests roar, in spite of false lights on the shore, sail on, nor fear to breast the sea! -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, 1890.  Now celebrating our 40th anniversary, this Meritage blend represents our best effort to produce an exquisitely balanced and textured wine with the ability to age for a decade or more. By definition, Meritage is the ""merit"" of the grape and the ""heritage"" of the vineyard and is a true winemakers art form. Greater than the sum of its collective parts, this vintage spent 26 months aging in French oak, of which 53% was new oak. The blend is 48% Cabernet Sauvignon, 35% Merlot, 8% Petit Verdot, 6% Malbec and 3% Cabernet Franc.  14.5% Alcohol""You may be wondering what the ""Splice the mainbrace"" reference is all about. Well, you see, this is the command given on naval ships to supply the crew with a celebratory drink after the completion of a hard task. Todays wine is absolutely worthy of a celebration. And I imagine crafting a wine this good was no easy task.  How can I best describe the aromas on the 2008 Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage? Lovely...beautiful...tantalizing... I think you get the picture. The primary aromas are red and black fruit, spice and a little cedar. The wine tastes great  right from the get go but give it a couple hours to breathe and wow! Flavors of black currants, red berries, black cherry, tea, and licorice are wrapped up in a wonderful spicy texture that dances across your tongue. Youll even find some nice dusty tannins. The finish is dry and long and the whole thing might be even better on day 2!   Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130323"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/dry-creek-vineyard-mariner-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
962,"   Better buy two or three or six.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Bodega Norton Malbec Reserva 2011 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   100% Aglianico from Taurasi, Campania, Italy.  SRP of $45 and purchased for $30 (Saturday Splurge). Imported by Palm Bay International.  From the bottle: ""Campanias historic town of Taurasi [tow-RAH-zee] and surrounding vineyards are a world class viticulture oasis. Here, the Aglianico grape finds its ideal terroir of pristine hills and volcanic soil. Full, rich and well-balanced, with notes of red berries and licorice.  14% Alcohol""Aglianico is one of those grapes that we jump at the chance to taste. Quite simply we love it, but unfortunately we just dont see that much of it, especially under $20. We previously reviewed one other example from Feudi San Gregorio as well as a couple other Aglianico/Montepulciano blends which we loved but I really wish we could find more in our price range.  Todays wine comes from Taurasi, which is known as perhaps the most ideal spot in the world to grow Aglianico. Of course that ideal status carries a premium in terms of price (thus the Saturday Splurge designation). In fact, there are only a small handful of wines from Taurasi (which are required to be at least 85% Aglianico) that are listed on Wine-Searcher with an average price below $20.   The 2008 Feudi San Gregorio Taurasi begins with a wonderfully big aroma of black cherry, black raspberry, leather, smoked meat, spice, anise and more. The wine tastes smooth, full-bodied, dry and delicious. It has similar flavors to the nose with great complexity and slightly chewy tannins. It ends very dry and very long with lingering notes of dark chocolate and olives. An awesome wine that is just as fantastic on day two. I loved it so much I had to buy more!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140426"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Feudi San Gregorio Taurasi"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/feudi-san-gregorio-taurasi.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
963,"  95% Tempranillo, 3% Syrah and 2% Merlot from Santa Ynez Valley, California.  SRP of $36 and available for about that price. Sample received courtesy TAPAS and Richard Longoria Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The making of this wine involved a combination of superior grapes, an artistic approach to winemaking, and many years of experience. I hope you enjoy my wines on the special occasions of your life.  15.0% Alcohol""Spanish Tempranillo is one of my favorite wines, delivering great value and even better taste. Take for example the Montecillo Gran Reserva, a wine I will be keeping in our makeshift wine cellar in our daughters birth year vintages to uncork at their weddings. And yet as good as these Spanish Tempranillo are, Im quickly becoming a believer in American Tempranillo as well. Its hard not to with wines like: The Abacela Estate Tempranillo from Umpqua Valley, Oregon: A Myriad of Multi-Dimensional Flavors.  The Bokisch Vineyards Tempranillo from Lodi, California: Organic and Dynamic.  The St. Amant Amador County Tempranillo from Amador County, California: Made In The U.S.A.  The Curran Tempranillo from Santa Ynez Valley, California: A Decadently Delicious Saturday Splurge   And of course, todays Saturday Splurge.  My hope is that Tempranillo becomes much more common here in the U.S. so that the prices fall and many more of these wines can be found under $20. For now well just have to enjoy many of these as a Saturday Splurge and take solace in the fact that we are supporting the U.S. economy.  The 2008 Longoria Santa Ynez Valley Clover Creek Vineyard Tempranillo begins with aromas of vanilla, cedar, caramel and sweet red fruit. The wine tastes smooth and delicious with lots of succulent fruit flavors, primarily black cherry and raspberry. All this wonderful fruit is balanced nicely with vanilla and woodsy notes as well as a bit of tobacco. As the wine breathes the fruit becomes more prominent. On the finish youll find really nice tannins along with oak and vanilla notes. And to close it all out, toasty oak notes last in the mouth for a really long time. Excellent.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120211"",  ""title"" : ""Longoria Santa Ynez Valley Clover Creek Vineyard Tempranillo 2008"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
964,"   Make someones holiday special.   95% Cabernet Sauvignon and 5% Cabernet Franc from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $48 (Saturday Splurge) and available directly from Mira Winery. Sample received for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""We believe wine is a story of the land and the place in which it grew. Its the story of the people who coax it into being -- of the sunshine, winds, and seasons that give it its personality. Wine is an invitation - to enjoyment, to the telling of tales, to the sharing of the stories and folklore that make us who we are.  14.8% Alcohol""Yes, I do realize the price on this wine is a stretch even by our Saturday Splurge standards but let me explain. While I still firmly believe theres no need to spend over $20 and regularly thumb my nose at wines in that price category, there is still plenty of good wine above our price point. And while I may not purchase much wine over $20 for myself, gift giving is another matter.  If youre like me you may have a few wine loving friends that simply insist on spending more than $20 a bottle. And while I applaud efforts to try and convert them to our ways, or even at the very least get them to grudgingly admit wine under $20 can be ""OK"", gift giving at the holidays is not the time to do it. I say give them what they want, it is a gift after all! And so to aid you in these efforts Ill be highlighting a handful of Saturday Splurge wines leading up to Christmas that are a bit outside our normal price range, I hope youll bear with me and even find this helpful!   First up comes a Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa Valley (primarily Rutherford). At only 129 cases produced the Mira Cabernet comes with a level of exclusivity your gift recipient will surely appreciate. And regardless of the price, this wine is really fantastic.  The 2008 Mira Winery Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with aromas of succulent dark fruit, wonderful spice, tantalizing sweet caramel notes and a hint of cinnamon. Lovely, lovely, lovely - I might be smelling this one in my dreams! The wine tastes excellent with blackberry, plum, a bit of those sweet caramel notes from the bouquet and some oaky highlights. It also has a smooth texture with a fantastic mouthfeel thanks to the silky and even a bit dusty tannins. It ends with a very long finish featuring a wonderful burst of peppery spice, more fruit and finally some mocha notes. And all of this is even better on day 2. Fabulous for drinking now, and likely even better with a few more years of bottle age.  Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121103"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Mira Winery Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/mira-winery-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
965,"   A Wise Choice  50% Merlot and 50% Xinomavro from Macedonia, Greece.  SRP of $40 and available for as low as $37 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Ancient Greek writer Athenaeus definitively detailed the gastronomy of Greece in his great work Deipnosophistae, which loosely translates to “dinner philosophers”. Oenosophist plays on this, means “wine-wise,” and teaches the philosophy of superlative Greek winemaking.  Xinomavro (literally “acid-black”) is the most notably dominant red variety in Greece, ideally tamed by Merlot, birthing a commanding red with spectacular aromatic intensity in the nose of dark fruits, chocolate, pipe tobacco and sweet spice. Oenosophist red features a phenomenal complexity in the mouth, combining balanced acidity and a long finish. The overall production process takes 36 months from harvesting. After having meticulously matured in new French oak barrels of medium and high burn (from selected wood of 3 different forests) for 18 months and then in the bottle for 12 months, reminiscent of the nature of wisdom, Oenosophist Red evolves with age.  13.5% Alcohol""Today is the first wine well be reviewing from a range of interesting and unique selections from Eklektikon, an importer of boutique Greek wines. Lucky for us a number of these wines fall into our price range, but today were starting with one that does not. We previously reviewed the Grande Reserve Naoussa Boutari 2007 - A Dignified and Delicious Saturday Splurge. That wine was 100% Xinomavro (ksee-NOH-mah-vroh), a grape some call the Greek Nebbiolo, and we liked it so much we thought it worthwhile to start out our latest odyssey into Greek wine with another made from this varieety, this time blended with Merlot.  The 2008 Oenogenesis Oenosophist Red begins with aromas of sweet ripe fruit, cedar, lots of brown sugar and molasses, caramel, vanilla and sweet spice -- quite an intriguing aroma! Despite the sweet notes on the bouquet this is actually a fairly dry wine when tasting that shows a lot of influence from the oak, so give it a little time to breathe. Once it opens up youll find a very smooth, complex, delicious wine featuring dark ripe fruit, caramel, vanilla and a little brown sugar. The finish is dry with good length. It holds up just fine on day 2 and might even be better. Words dont really do this delicious wine justice, so find a bottle and give it a try yourself!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130112"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Oenogenesis Oenosophist Red"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/oenogenesis-oenosophist-red-2008-oh-yes.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
966,"   Creating a brand with the help of The Wine Foundry.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $50 and available for as low as $40 for wine club members (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The grapes for Stella Monsi (Latin for ""Star of the Mountain"") are grown on Howell Mountain, which is renowned for premium Cabernet Sauvignon. Each vintage is produced from a mix of high and low elevations, combining the best traits of mountain and valley fruit. One taste and we know you will agree that this wine is truly the ""Star of the Mountain"".   14.5% Alcohol""When I heard that the Stella Monsi brand was owned by someone from way up north in my home state of Minnesota, I was definitely intrigued. After all, the city of Duluth is about as far from wine country as you can get. So how does a corporate attorney from Minnesota launch a successful wine brand featuring Napa Valley and Dry Creek Valley fruit? With the help of a custom winery known as The Wine Foundry (formerly known as Crushpad, which you may remember from their now defunct blog that I happened to contribute to).  The Wine Foundry is a custom crush facility that allows you start a wine brand from the ground up, offering you as little or as much support as you need. They cover everything from choosing from among a number of participating vineyards, constructing a plan for your wine (varietals, style, etc.), creating your wine (sort, crush, ferment, press, etc.), designing your packaging and developing your final blend. They even offer a business platform that provides licensing, sales processing, order fulfillment, shipping logistics, and customer support.  Joel Kanvik, the aforementioned corporate attorney from Duluth, MN started Stella Monsi in 2007 with two friends and business associates. In addition to todays wine, they also offer a Howell Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon ($90 SRP) and a Dry Creek Zinfandel ($30 SRP).     The Stella Monsi line-up.   The 2008 Stella Monsi Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with wonderful aromas of dark fruit and loads of vanilla along with caramel, mint and a bit of spice. Give it some air and youll find even more. When tasting this dry, smooth wine the vanilla bonanza continues. While quite delicious now, this one still has quite a bit in the tank as evidenced by the substantial tannins. Give it a few more years and it should really shine. It ends grippy and a bit chewy on the dry, long finish which also features a bit of oaky spice.  You can order the wines direct from the Stella Monsi website.  Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140405"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Stella Monsi Napa Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/stella-monsi-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
967,"  100% Carménère from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $24. Sample received courtesy Winebow for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Grown in the warm Andes foothills of Colchagua Valley, CA1 is a Carménère of great character. This is a rich wine, with intense aromas of ripe red fruit. The round tannins, together with the soft texture and rich flavors on the palate reveals to us the best expression of Carménère grown at the foot of the Andes Mountains.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays wine, the CA1, is described as being from the ""ultra-premium Carménère"" line by Terranoble, which also includes a CA2 Carménère from the coastal region of Colchagua Valley (as opposed to the Andes Foothills where the CA1 originates). Both wines sees 12 months in oak in American and French barrels, which in the case of the CA1 is just about perfect.  In addition, weve long been fans of the under-appreciated Carménère grape here at The Reverse Wine Snob. In fact, you may remember our Tour of Chile series from a few months back where we went through a number of delicious wines. Based on that prior experience I was more than happy to break into todays wine.  The 2008 Terranoble CA1 Andes Carménère begins with a really strong and enticing bouquet of blackberry, blueberry, violet and vanilla. The wine tastes rich and savory with good depth and has soft and smooth tannins. The flavors in the mouth are mostly same as the bouquet with the addition of some leather notes. A touch of spice on the finish gives way to rich fruit and a few lingering notes of coffee. This is a very tasty wine that is just as good if not better on day 2. In other words, the CA1 is A-OK for a Saturday Splurge!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120310"",  ""title"" : ""2008 Terranoble CA1 Andes Carménère"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
968,"  A blend of primarily Cabernet Sauvignon along with a little Petit Verdot and Cabernet Franc from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $22. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Nestled on the southeastern slopes of Napa Valleys prestigious Silverado Bench. William Hill Estate Winery is dedicated to producing exceptional wines that are a modern expression of the Napa Valley.  14.3% Alcohol""Napa Valley is no doubt one of the top regions for producing wine not only in the United States, but in the world. The climate, the soil, the mountains and the location all contribute to creating an area that is extremely conducive to grape growing.  This explains why there are more than 450 wineries in the area and over 4.5 million visitors every year. Todays wine comes from the southern part of Napa Valley, from a winery established in the late 1970s shortly after the Paris Wine Tasting of 1976 put Napa on the map.  The 2008 William Hill Estate Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a very strong and enticing aroma of raspberry, blueberry, blackberry, vanilla and caramel that just sucks you in. Tasting the wine shows good depth and lots of interesting flavors like mixed berries, licorice, cola and a good dollop of caramel and brown sugar. It ends with nice spicy tannins on the long succulent finish. Give it some air, and it gets even better. In fact, dont worry about wasting this splurge if you dont finish the bottle off Saturday night, it might even be better on Sunday. A very satisfying stretch just a bit above our normal $20 limit.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120414"",  ""title"" : ""2008 William Hill Estate Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
969,"  97% Grenache Noir and 3% Syrah from Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $30 but the current vintage is sold out. Sample received courtesy Andrew Murray Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The 2009 Grenache is once again exclusively from the Terra Bella Vineyard (TBV) on the west side of the Paso Robles appellation.  Grenache ranks at (or very near) the top of my favorite variety to drink and to craft into wine.  I love Grenache from all over the world...Spain, Australia, France, and of course, west side Paso Robles, CA.  To me, this is just about the best Grenache that we have EVER bottled...yes, even better than the critically acclaimed 2008, if only because the alcohol shows a bit more restraint in this wine.  The aromas and flavors are full bodied and lingering with lots of ripe strawberries, kirsch, and floral notes mixed with some great spicy notes of pepper and vanilla from the oak aging.  In the mouth the wine is perceived as having a sense of sweetness, but this is due to the rich, glycerol containing mouthfeel that leads to a nearly never-ending finish.  Enough with the hyperbole already...I am really proud of this wine and production was down a bit this year.  The 2008 Vintage sold out in record time.  I guess that Grenache is finally starting to catch on.  I suggest you get some before it is all gone!  15.8% Alcohol""You may be wondering why I would review a wine that is already sold out and the reason is simply that this wine so good that you need to be ready for next years vintage! And with only around 150 cases produced, youll need to be quick to get in on this one when it is released in December. It also gives you another reason to check out all the amazing wines from Andrew Murray Vineyards, such as: The Tous Les Jours Syrah: A Simply Stunning"
970,"  100% Syrah from Paso Robles, California.  SRP of $36 and available for around $31. Sample received courtesy Andrew Murray Vineyards for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""The Syrah from this vineyard grows on steep, limestone-rich hillsides and arrives at the winery very ripe yet balanced, yielding a deeply colored wine (darkest in the cellar) with distinctive aromas and flavors of blueberries and raspberries. We aged the wine in mostly new French oak, so there is a nice layer of vanilla, clove, and toasty notes as well. This is a very full-bodied wine that will benefit from more aging in the bottle. I suggest that you drink this over the next 3-7 years.  15.0% Alcohol""If youve been reading this site for any length of time, you know Im a huge fan of Andrew Murray Vineyards. To date weve reviewed: The Tous Les Jours Syrah: A Simply Stunning"
971,"   Theres a good reason Cabernet is considered king.   93% Cabernet Sauvignon, 4% Merlot and 3% Petit Verdot from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $46 and available at that price (Saturday Splurge). 3,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Hand selected by our winemaker and crafted in limited quantities, Artisan Series wines capture the essence of singular vineyard or varietal as expressed in a specific vintage. This exquisite Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon is a classic blend of mountain and valley floor fruit, with concentration and structure balanced with sweet fruit and supple tannins. Featuring delectable cassis, blackberry and cherry flavors the wines 20 months in French oak barrels imbues it with velvet-textured layers of clove, caramel and cedar. 3,000 cases produced.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Artesa Artisan Series Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a beautiful nose full of sweet blackberry along with chocolate and a little cedar but its the rich, succulent dark fruit that rules the day. That continues when tasting this rich, juicy wine that features a smooth, lush texture and wonderful depth of flavor. Youll also find tinges of oak, spice, a little vanilla, caramel and chocolate. It ends dry with very long lasting fruit. This one is really just a joy to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140322"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Artesa Artisan Series Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/artesa-artisan-series-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
972,"   Another knock-out Carneros Pinot Noir.   100% Pinot Noir from Carneros, Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $40 and available for as low as $35 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Harvested at night to preserve fruit integrity, this Pinot Noir was hand-picked from two of the finest vineyard blocks on our Carneros Estate. Gravelly soils and low vigor vines produce fruit clusters with concentrated flavors and elegant terroir character. Aged in French oak barrels for 10 months, aromas and flavors of bright cherry, strawberry, lavender and rose petal are balanced with a touch of oak and supple acidity.  14.3% Alcohol""Artesa Winery is owned by the Codorniu family of Spain, a name you might associate with sparkling wine, or cava specifically. (For example, the Anna de Codorniu Cava Brut - Crazy for Cava, which was part of our Holiday Sparklers series this year.) In fact, Artesa Winery was originally conceived to produce sparkling wine. However, as times changed it was reinvented into a top of the line still wine production facility, a move that wasnt a huge stretch for the family. Despite being the largest cava producer in the world, the Codorniu family knows much more than sparkling wine with wine properties throughout Spain, Italy, Argentina and California. And based on todays wine they know Pinot Noir quite well.  The 2009 Artesa Estate Reserve Carneros Napa Valley Pinot Noir begins with an excellent aroma of raspberry, red and black cherry, spice and a little pleasant cedar note. Tasting the medium-bodied wine reveals a silky smooth texture with succulent fruit flavors of mixed berry and black cherry and a wonderful layer of peppery spice that lasts all the way through to the finish. This is a very easy to drink Pinot Noir yet it still offers a good deal of complexity making it appealing to just about everyone. It ends dry with sweet berry flavors and more peppery spice that lasts a good long time in the mouth. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130126"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Artesa Estate Reserve Carneros Napa Valley Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/artesa-estate-reserve-carneros-napa-valley-pinot-noir.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
973,"   The Friendliest Wasp (Vespa) Youll Ever Meet  45% Chardonnay, 45% Sauvignon and 10% Picolit from the villages of Buttrio and Premariacco in the Colli Orientali del Friuli DOC, Italy.  SRP of $36 and available for as low as $30 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""The flagship wine of the Bastianich Estate, Vespa Bianco was created to showcase the power and evolution that a great Friulian white can have. Consisting of equal parts Sauvignon and Chardonnay with a measure of Picolit, Vespa becomes more the sum of its parts, a wine of uncommon complexity and longevity.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays selection comes from Bastianich, an Italian producer of wonderful wines, several of which weve recommended here at the site. And yes, this is the same Bastianich as Joe (from MasterChef) and his mom Lidia (from Lidias Italy and other cooking shows). Joe and Lidia, along with Mario Batali, are also responsible for the La Mozza winery. Check the end of the post for several other recommended wines from these wineries, but first lets get to the Vespa Bianco.   In addition to the Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc in todays wine, there is also a small amount of an Italian grape called Picolit. This is a white grape grown in Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is typically used to make sweet dessert wines and gets its name from the piccolo (small) yields in the vineyard. Usually picked late just before the grapes turn to raisins, a small amount is used in todays wine to add some wonderful sweet notes.  The 2009 Bastianich Vespa Bianco begins with a really lovely aroma of lime, pear, apricots and honeysuckle. Tasting the wine shows a wonderful crisp, fresh and lively texture. The primary flavors are lemon, citrus and tropical fruit with beautiful mineral notes and even a bit of creamy almond. It ends with a long and savory finish. Truly excellent and delicious stuff!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121124"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Bastianich Vespa Bianco"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/bastianich-vespa-bianco-2009.html"" };     Other recommended wines from Bastianich and La Mozza: 2010 Bastianich Friulano Adriatico - Fresh and Fruity Friulano. 2010 La Mozza I Perazzi Morellino di Scansano - I Love It. 2007 La Mozza Aragone Maremma Toscana - Deeply Smooth and Deliciozo!   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
974," Includes an explanation of co-fermentation.    80% Shiraz, 15% Mourvèdre and 5% Viognier from Paarl, South Africa.  SRP of $40 and available internationally for as low as $28(US). Sample received courtesy DGB for review purposes. This wine is just gaining distribution in the U.S. so it might be hard to find currently.  From the bottle: ""Handpicked from the best vineyard sites with individualistic expressions of Shiraz Mourvèdre and Viognier. As a tribute to the Bernards audacious nature all three grape varieties are harvested, then crushed and fermented together and matured in small French oak barrels. These barrels form a focal point of making this wine, creating the perfect environment for the three varietals to marry and give life from an early age to a synergy of graceful violets and winter spice aromatics supported by powerful black berry fruit flavours.  14.0% Alcohol""The vast majority of blended wines are blended after each individual grape variety has been harvested, crushed and fermented separately. This makes a lot of sense as it gives the winemaker much more control over the process and allows them to try different combinations to get the optimal blend. This is not the only way to do it however. Some wines, like todays, take different grapes and harvest, crush and ferment them together, a process called co-fermentation. This is risky business as each variety has different needs during fermentation and controlling the makeup of the blend is much more difficult. So why do it?  The answer is pretty simple. Imagine youre making a stew and you prepare and cook each the ingredient separately and then combine them together right before serving. We all know that this will taste much different than letting all the ingredients cook together for hours, drawing out flavors from each other and combining to make something much better than the sum of the parts. (Not to say that these wines are always better, but they are different.) Its the same with wine and todays wine is the perfect example.  In addition, todays wine is also interesting in that it combines two red grapes (Shiraz and Mourvèdre) with a small amount of a white grape (Viognier). The result is simply fantastic. And one last thing before we get to the review, this wine is really a perfect example of the reason for our Saturday Splurge series. You will be hard-pressed to find many blends that are harvested, crushed and co-fermented for under $20. In todays hugely competitive wine market theres just too much risk and uncertainty involved for the winemaker.  The 2009 Bellingham The Bernard Series Small Barrel SMV begins with truly wonderful aromas of blackberry, vanilla, spice and violet. The wine tastes simply marvelous with a perfect combination of sweet blackberry, dusty tannins and spice. The succulent spice intensifies on the dry finish while the sweet fruit continues and ends with lingering dark chocolate notes that last for quite awhile. Youre going to have trouble not finishing off this bottle when you open it but if you have the willpower it will taste just as good on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120204"",  ""title"" : ""Bellingham The Bernard Series Small Barrel SMV 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
975,"  Riesling from Willamette Valley, Oregon.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $24. Sample received courtesy Brooks Wines for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Ara, the altar, is a constellation. It is also a pursuit, an effort to craft the best Riesling possible from our favorite pieces in the cellar. The Riesling for this wine was sourced from two of the oldest vineyards in the Willamette Valley. 300 cases produced. Enjoy!  12.0% Alcohol""This is the first of several wines we will be reviewing from Brooks Wines in Oregon. The philosophy behind todays wine is simply to take the absolute best wine from the best vineyards and then find the optimal blend. Certainly sounds like a good plan! Brooks is a winery that is new to me, but not too many others -- the 2006 vintage of this very wine was served at President Obamas first White House State Dinner. I think this is also the first Riesling Ive tried from Oregon, and I have to say I was quite impressed. So impressed, it calls for a Saturday Splurge.   The 2009 Brooks Ara Riesling begins with pleasant aromas of honeysuckle and a little citrus along with lots of floral notes. It is a little restrained at first but opens up nicely with some air. Tasting the wine shows lots of really good lemon and other citrus along with good acidity and crispness. There is also a nice mix of mineral notes. Dont serve this one too cold to get the best flavor. Perhaps the best part is the very long and dry finish that features lots of succulent honey dipped citrus flavors. A harmonious and delicious Saturday Splurge.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120519"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Brooks Ara Riesling"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
976,"   Makes my mouth water just thinking about it.   90% Sangiovese, 5% Canaiolo and 5% Ciliegiolo from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $35 and available for around $30 (Saturday Splurge). 750 cases produced.  From the winery: ""Made from 90% Sangioveto, 5% Canaiolo, and 5% Ciliegiolo grown in the Il Poggiale vineyard, the grapes come from an elevation of almost 1,500 feet above sea level. The combination of high elevation and extremely low yields results in a wine that manages to simultaneously show both restraint and layered richness. This classic red holds great aging capability.  This Riserva is a brilliant garnet color with layered aromas of red cherries, earth, rose flowers, and leather. On the palate, the wine shows excellent structure with firm, integrated tannins and is full-bodied with plenty of spice.  This wine goes well with rich fare such as osso bucco, beef stew, casseroles, roast beef, or even Hollandaise sauces.  13.7% Alcohol""The 2009 Castellare di Castellina Il Poggiale Chianti Classico Riserva begins with a really lovely aroma featuring loads of red and black cherry along with some nice floral notes. Youll find secondary notes of licorice, earth, baking spice and more. The wine tastes wonderfully smooth and delicious with rich sour cherry fruit, more perfectly integrated baking spice and some nice olive notes. Theres even a little smoke and some mineral notes on the long finish. This one is just as fabulous on day 2.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130518"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Castellare Il Poggiale Chianti Classico Riserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/castellare-il-poggiale-chianti-classico-riserva.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
977,"   A Budget (Quasi-)Brunello.   Sangiovese with a small amount of Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot from Montalcino, Tuscany, Italy.  Purchased at Costco for $20.99 (Saturday Splurge).  From the bottle: ""A cuvee of red grape varieties perfected by our pioneering winemaking research. This ""Dark Beauty"", Belnero is fermented in wood and stainless steel hybrid tanks and aged in barriques a minimum of 12 months. Appealing violet and cherry nuances with hints of cedar and licorice.   15.0% Alcohol""Brunello di Montalcino is perhaps one of Italys most famous wines. Todays wine, Belnero (hmm, sounds suspiciously close to Brunello doesnt it?) comes from Montalcino, but does not qualify as a Brunello because it does not quite contain 100% Sangiovese nor does it spend the required amount of time in oak (1 year here as opposed to the 2 year requirement). Even so, its rare to find many wines from Montalcino for under $20 so today we have a Saturday Splurge, but just barely, clocking in at just $1 over our limit. One of the reasons Sangiovese from Montalcino is so prized is that this area, in the province of Siena, has the warmest and driest climate in Tuscany which makes it an ideal spot to grow this delicious variety.   The 2009 Castello Banfi Belnero begins with a nice, but a bit subdued aroma of black cherry, plum, a little mocha and a hint of smoked meat. It begins to open up even more with some time in the glass. Tasting the wine reveals a lush, multi-dimensional mouthfeel, strong grippy tannins and lots of flavor. Those flavors include black and sour cherry, plum, spice and a bit of toasty oak although not to a level that detracts from the wine. It ends with a mouth drying finish of good length. And it was just as good, if not better on day 2. This wine is probably still a bit young and although quite good as it is, Id probably recommend a buy and hold strategy to get the most bang for your buck.  Wine in the 2013 Costco Week Series! Wine #1: Bodegas Barco de Piedra Tempranillo 2011 - Tastes like a lot more than $10! Wine #2: Kirkland Signature Malbec 2011 - Plenty good, but its not a pop and pour proposition.  Wine #3: Atteca Old Vines Garnacha 2010 - Powerfully good Garnacha! BULK BUY! Wine #4: La Massa Toscana 2010 - More Massa for me please. BULK BUY! Wine #5: Tarima Monastrell 2011 - The M in GSM takes the stage under a different name and brings down the house.  Wine #6: Castello Banfi Belnero 2009 - A Budget (Quasi-)Brunello  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130223"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Castello Banfi Belnero"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/castello-banfi-belnero-2009-costco-week.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
978,"  100% Lagrein from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $27 and available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the winery: ""This wine has a thick crimson red colour with violet reflexes and a convincing black core. Within the aroma flavours indicate elders, mature berries like cassis, blackcurrants and blackberries supported by floral notes which recur at the palate together with a little fresh raspberry.  Ideal served with a range of dark meat dishes to game with fruity sauces, ribald tureens, which are briefly fried, braised or easily grilled, as well to gratins and hard cheese.  13.0% Alcohol""Weve now reached our seventh wine in our series on Alto Adige, and the third Lagrein -- a variety that is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. The other wines in the series include: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein Todays wine is a Riserva, having spent 16-18 months in oak to give it some substantial age and it definitely pays off.  The 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva begins with aromas of black and red cherries plus a bit of baking spice and smoke. The wine tastes deliciously fruity with nice tart dark berries and plum plus nice spice and slightly dusty tannins. Add in an elegant, smooth and substantial mouthfeel and you have a very tasty, fun to drink wine. It ends with more delicious fruit flavors that last a really long time. Another lovely Lagrein.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120915"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/castel-sallegg-lagrein-riserva-2009.html"" };   Advertise or Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
979,"   Did I mention it is wonderfully rich and tasty?   100% Touriga Nacional from Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $24 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This fresh and delicious red wine is produced from 100% Touriga Nacional, the most respected and noble of all Portuguese grape varieties, from our vineyards in the Douro region of Northern Portugal. It has intense aromas of wild basil and eucalyptus with an excellent richness on the palate, allowing it to age well in the bottle.   14.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Churchills Estates Touriga Nacional begins with a wonderful and powerful aroma of blackberry, plum, prunes, raisins and some pleasant dried herbal notes -- and it gets even better from there. Tasting reveals a smooth and luscious texture filled with with lots of dark berry, some nice oaky spice and good acidity. Its actually quite Port-like without all the alcohol. It ends long and dry with dark fruit, cedar and a hint of tobacco. It may be a splurge at $24, but for a wine made from the very low yielding Touriga Nacional grape it is actually fairly inexpensive.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140125"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Churchills Estates Touriga Nacional"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/churchills-estates-touriga-nacional.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
980,"   Another impressive wine from Chile.   100% Pinot Noir from Casablanca Valley, Chile.  SRP of $32 and available for as low as $22 (Saturday Splurge). Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Another chapter of a story that began in 1996, when we set apart the 20 best barrels provided by that years harvest, and bottled them on their own. From then until now, this range continues to convey our profound commitment to terroir expression and enological excellence. A sophisticated and complex Pinot Noir that brings together New World fruit and the centennial Burgundian winemaking tradition. Notes of fresh cherry, strawberry and plum mingle with leather and tobacco in the background. Smooth, complex and enveloping.  14.5% Alcohol""Im a big fan of wine from Chile but I have to admit Ive never considered Chile a region where you would find good Pinot Noir. That might just be changing but it remains true that Pinot Noir from Chile can be hard to find. This is exactly the reason for a Saturday Splurge...sampling a wine/variety that youre hard pressed to find under $20 because it is limited in production and/or distribution.   Todays wine comes from the Casablanca Valley of Chile. Weve discussed much more about the wine regions in Chile and Chilean wine in general in our two previous series on Chile so I encourage you to check both those out: Tour of Chile Part 1 (Carménère) Tour of Chile Part 2 (Coastal Whites) In addition, being a bit of a wine geek, I really enjoy trying varieties from areas you wouldnt expect to find them -- although if you really think about it maybe Pinot Noir from Chile shouldnt be all that much of a surprise. After all, were talking about one of the most geologically diverse countries in the world -- somewhere in this vast stretch of land they should be able to produce some good Pinot Noir, right? Lets find out...  The 2009 Cono Sur 20 Barrels Pinot Noir begins with an excellent aroma of cinnamon, licorice, black cherry and plum. Tasting the wine reveals juicy fruit (berries and plum), licorice, vanilla, great spice, black pepper and even a little smoke. In other words, this is quite a complex wine with lots of different flavors, but more importantly it is extremely tasty. The mouthfeel is smooth and delicious. The medium-long finish shows sweet, almost candy-like fruit and theres a really excellent progression of flavors from the first sip all the way to 30 seconds after swallowing. I will definitely be seeking out more Chilean Pinot Noir based on this wine!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121027"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Cono Sur 20 Barrels Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/cono-sur-20-barrels-pinot-noir-2009.html"" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
981," Includes a breakdown of the Rioja classifications.     A great wine for gifting (or drinking) this holiday season.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Marc Mondavi The Divining Rod Cabernet Sauvignon 2011 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   85% Tempranillo, 5% Mazuelo, 5% Graciano and 5% Garnacha Tinta from Rioja Alta, Rioja, Spain.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $20 (Saturday Splurge). Imported by Europvin. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Cune Reserva is produced by the fifth generation of the founders of CVNE from handpicked Tempranillo grapes. It ages for a minimum of one year in French and American oak casks followed by further aging in bottle prior to its release.  13.5% Alcohol""Its been awhile since weve featured a Saturday Splurge so today we go to one of our favorite spots, Rioja. Rioja Reserva and Gran Reserva wines make great splurges because strict guidelines help to ensure very well made wine that is almost always worth the price -- unlike wine from a lot of other areas that carries a ""Reserva"" designation with no real meaning behind it. Heres a little refresher on the Rioja classifications: Young wines: Wines in their first or second year. Crianza wines: Wines which are at least in their third year, having spent a minimum of one year in casks and a few months in the bottle. For white wines, the minimum cask ageing period is 6 months. Reserva wines: Selected wines of the best vintages that have been aged for a minimum of 3 years, with at least one year in casks. For white wines, the minimum ageing period is 2 years, with at least 6 months in casks. Gran Reserva wines: Selected wines from exceptional vintages which have spent at least 2 years in oak casks and 3 years in the bottle. For white wines, the minimum ageing period is 4 years, with at least one year in casks.  The 2009 C.V.N.E. Cune Reserva (pronounced Coo-nay) was aged for 18 months in second and third use oak barrels (70% American, 30% French oak) and another 18 months in bottle. The wine opens with pleasant aromas of black cherry, red fruit, hints of vanilla and spice. As nice as that aroma is this wine really shines when tasting. Doing so reveals a wine with great balance and structure and an excellent smooth texture. This one is actually still a tad young so be sure to give it plenty of air for it to be at its best. Black cherry, plum, lots of well integrated licorice and spice and a little leather and smoke lead into the dry, spicy, mineral-tinged finish. Splurge away!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141206"",  ""title"" : ""2009 C.V.N.E. Cune Reserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/cvne-cune-reserva.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
982,"   You better buy two bottles. (Or more.)  79% Syrah and 21% Mourvedre from Tulbagh, Western Cape, Coastal Region, South Africa.  SRP of $28 and available for as low as $24 (Saturday Splurge).   From the bottle: ""Two sisters, who had always been very close, found out one day that they would be marrying men from different villages. Distraught that they would be separated by some distance and nervous that they would grow apart, the sisters went to the village healer and asked if he had any potions to help cement their bond for life. He told them that yes, he did, but he would need a lion’s whisker to make it. The two sisters spent many weeks lingering near where the lion drank from the lake so that he would eventually trust that they meant him no harm. After many weeks, one of the sisters finally reached out and pulled a whisker from the lion, and they took it to the healer. ""Alas,"" he said, ""there is no potion after all, but if you have the dedication, bravery, and can make a lion trust you, you already have everything you need to keep your relationship strong forever.""  14.5% Alcohol""As Im sure youve noticed by now, Im a huge fan of Syrah and Syrah-based blends. Whether it be from California, Oregon, Italy, South Africa, Australia or any and all points in-between, this variety offers so much to wine lovers. So it was with excitement that I opened up todays wine.  The 2009 Fable Lions Whisker Red Blend begins with strong succulent aromas of blackberry, strawberry, licorice, spice, leather and a little smoked meat. As you can tell the bouquet has excellent complexity -- basically the more you smell it the more you find. Tasting the wine reveals a nice smooth mouthfeel and lots of savory, delicious fruit. The flavors are similar to the bouquet but the leather and smoked meat are more pronounced when tasting and there is also a bit of green olive coming through. The finish is dry with good length and even features a bit of spicy minerality. A really excellent wine and it was just as good on day 2.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130202"",  ""title"" : ""Fable Lions Whisker Red Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/fable-lions-whisker-red-blend-2009.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
983,"   Magnficent Magnificat.   64% Cabernet Sauvignon, 26% Merlot, 5% Petit Verdot, 3% Cabernet Franc and 2% Malbec from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $50 and available widely for $30 (Saturday Splurge). 6,146 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""To create Magnificat, we begin with our finest lots from our Estate and other select vineyards then craft a blend as seamless and harmonious as the Bach masterpiece it honors in name. This 2009 blend, our 25th vintage of Magnificat, was aged for 20 months in oak and shows layered aromas of cassis and plum, with alluring ripe black fruit flavors and hints of vanilla and spice.  14.5% Alcohol""As the bottle mentions, 2009 is the 25th vintage of this wine. For the last wine in our series on Meritage weve chose one of the originals, a wine that has been produced since 1985. The Magnificat, named for Bachs masterpiece, is also a wine that has been consistently good over the years. We found the 2008 vintage to be particularly delicious and the 2009 may be even better.   The 2009 Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage begins with lots of lovely plum aromas as well as blackberry, vanilla, cedar, spice and dark chocolate. It smells excellent and better yet many of these flavors carry over when tasting this truly delicious and smooth wine. Theres loads of rich fruit, lovely spice and intriguing layers of dark chocolate plus hints of black pepper, vanilla and oak in the mouth. It ends dry with good length. The 2009 might even be a bit better than the 2008, which means this magnificent wine is definitely Saturday Splurge worthy!  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130511"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/05/franciscan-estate-magnificat-napa-valley-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
984,"   A BIG, Velvety Smooth and Spice-Laden Wine.  85% Carménère, 8% Petit Verdot and 7% Malbec from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $26 (Saturday Splurge) and available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""In 1885 Don Francisco Undurraga became a pioneer by making superior wines from the best Chilean vineyards. The Underraga family has since then been dedicated to producing great Chilean wines for six generations. Today this family tradition continues with Koyle.  The wines come from a unique terroir in Alto Colchagua which borders with the Andes Mountains. Koyle is the result of the familys unending quest for excellence, with the Royale range representing the best wines from the vineyards. Cristobal Undurraga, Koyles winemaker and viticulturist, is a gifted and experienced 5th generation Undurraga with the same passion and commitment as his ancestors when creating the finest Chilean wines in the market.  Selected grapes have been hand picked and vinified with refinement and freshness in mind, aged in French oak barrels for 18 months and destined to be the new pride of the family.  14.5% Alcohol""Attention Cabernet Sauvignon fans...if youre not drinking Carmenere youre missing the boat! We detailed a number of excellent Carmenere in our series on the grape last year and weve got another excellent example today. Chiles signature grape is a great alternative for Cabernet loving wine drinkers, especially those who love a big red wine with their steak. And while Cabernet may be known as the king of grapes todays Saturday Splurge is definitely fit for a king.   The 2009 Alto Colchagua Koyle Royale Carmenere offers a really inviting bouquet that gets more complex the more time it spends in the glass. Aromas of dark fruit, pepper and oaky spice dominate along with wisps of freshly roasted coffee and dark chocolate. In the mouth, the wine tastes BIG. This dense, powerful and velvety smooth wine features loads of lush blackberry and plum flavors plus fine, grippy tannins. On the dry, long finish the fruit turns a bit sour. Theres also a good dose of spice and a little tobacco to round things out at the very end. Just as good (and still fit for a king) on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121117"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Koyle Royale Carmenere"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/koyle-royale-carmenere-2009-fit-for-king.html"" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
985,"   A smooth and silky Cabernet splurge.   100% Cabernet Sauvignon from Sonoma Mountain, California.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Reverse Wine Snob Saturday Splurge rated Santa Rita Triple C for just $26.99 with FREE Shipping! ""Wine Spectator Top 100 of 2013""  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $25 (Saturday Splurge). 1,642 cases produced.   From the bottle: ""Our Sonoma Mountain vineyard sits above the fog line on an eastern-facing plateau, benefiting from full sun without intense heat in the afternoon. The result? Great acidity in the grapes and juicy, vibrant cabernet flavors in the wine.  13.7% Alcohol""The 2009 Laurel Glen Counterpoint Sonoma Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon begins with very pleasant aromas of black cherry, spice, leather, cola and some earthy notes. Tasting reveals nice ripe fruit (blackberry, black cherry and cherry) which is balanced beautifully by cola, licorice, a little tobacco, white pepper and dark chocolate. The whole thing is wrapped up in a very smooth, silky and soft texture. The wine ends dry with very good length and features caramel and tobacco under the rich fruit. Fantastic and somehow even better on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140215"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Laurel Glen Counterpoint Sonoma Mountain Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/laurel-glen-counterpoint-sonoma-mountain-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
986,"  75% Merlot and 25% Sangiovese from Montalcino, Italy.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $22. Sample received courtesy Folio Wine for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Lucente is Luces second wine, sourced from the same vineyards as Luce. The grapes are carefully selected to yield a wine with contemporary flair, that reflects its distinctive, unique terroir. It matures in oak barriques in the cellars of the winery at Montalcino, where it is then bottled.  14.5% Alcohol""We began our Saturday Splurge series 9 weeks ago and in that time weve found a number of really wonderful wines that are just outside of our $20 price point. We have not; however, covered any Italian wine in this series and so today we turn to Luce Della Vite Wine in Tuscany, Italy. And while I know Ive stated in the past that label design shouldnt really affect your purchase decision (its what inside the bottle that counts), I do have to admit that I love this label. But lets get to the wine, shall we?  The 2009 Luce Della Vite Lucente begins with wonderfully strong and enticing aromas of blackberry and raspberry plus spice and licorice. The wine tastes rich and luscious with tons of delicious fruit countered by dusty tannins. A fabulous long, dry finish ends the lovefest and your left with lasting fruit notes and wistful memories. In other words, a silky smooth wine with wonderful flavors that is perfect for a Saturday Splurge!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor! See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120303"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Luce Della Vite Lucente"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/03/luce-della-vite-lucente-2009-silky.html"" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
987,"  100% Pinot Noir from Santa Lucia Highlands, California.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $25. Sample received courtesy E. & J. Gallo for review purposes.  From the bottle:""MacMurrays passion for pursuing Pinot Noir has led our winemaker Susan Doyle to craft elegant wines from world class Pinot growing regions.   The Santa Lucia Highlands AVA, which overlooks the Salinas Valley, has achieved a prominent reputation for producing distinctive Pinot Noir wines with intense fruit character. This exceptional wine is an elegant, Burgundian style Pinot Noir with flavors of cherry, briar, dried herbs and hints of cola.  14.5% Alcohol""Pinot Noir can be one of those varieties that can be hard to find for under $20, although we did a pretty good job of it in the Hunt For The Best Pinot Noir Under $20 series just a couple months ago. Still, depending on the selection available to you at your local retailer or restaurant you may have trouble finding many good options below our limit. If you do spend a little more, this Pinot Noir from California is a very nice choice.  The 2009 MacMurray Ranch Santa Lucia Highlands Pinot Noir begins with great aromas of blackberry, black cherry, raspberry, cola, brown sugar and spice. Wow, very nice. The wine tastes smooth with good texture and nice fruit. The flavors are similar to the bouquet with black cherry and cola and then a good kick of spice. The finish is very nice with light earthy notes that linger at the end.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120218"",  ""title"" : ""2009 MacMurray Ranch Santa Lucia Highlands Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
988,"   Saturday Splurge!  100% Lagrein from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $25. Sample received courtesy Cornerstone Communications for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Lagrein Rubatsch – raised in its native vineyards. Colour and aroma which tell of blue woodland berries, velvetiness and length which causes us to forget time. Made from the native Lagrein grape.  Its complex aromas of blackberry and bilberry mingled with hints of plum, elderflower syrup and liquorice provide an early indication of the complexity this wine will develop with maturity. On the palate the tannins are assertive but the overall mouthfeel is velvety with deep, mellow fruit and impressive length.  13.0% Alcohol""This is the first chance Ive had to taste Lagrein, a variety that is indigenous to Alto Adige and pretty much only grown there. Within Alto Adige, it is the second most grown red variety. Lagrein is a grape that loves the heat so at first blush Alto Adige seems an odd place given how for north this area lies. However the Adige Valley actually has quite a warm climate with the Alps to the north helping to protect the area from bad weather. All this creates the ideal place for Lagrein to thrive.  The 2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch begins with really nice aromas of violets, licorice and ripe mixed berries including a little mulberry. Tasting the wine reveals pretty much the exact same flavors as when smelling the wine but they absolutely come alive in your mouth. This really delicious wine has a great velvety texture with fine tannins and a great finish with good length. Day 2 was just as good if not better. Im a fan of Lagrein!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120707"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      Other wines in the Wines From Alto Adige series: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein  Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
989,"   A wine with a fantastic finish!   A traditional blend of Corvina, Rondinella and Molinara from Amarone Della Valpolicella Classico, Veneto, Italy.  SRP of $70 and available for as low as $40 (Saturday Splurge). Imported by Kobrand Corporation. Sample submitted for review.   From the bottle: ""Appaxximento countersigns Masis expertise in the XXI century in the technique of obtaining greater concentration of aromas and tastes from grapes through the drying process.  The vineyards slopes facing the sunset in the Classica area benefit from the reflections of the light from Lake Garda and its temperate climate. Using ancient grapes varieties and traditional methods, this is where Amarone, a unique modern wine with an ancient heart, has its origins.  Appearance: deep ruby red Nose: baked fruit, plums and cherries Palate: fruity tastes with hints of coffee and cocoa. Very well balanced. Food pairing: main-course dishes, grilled or roasted meats, game, strong cheeses or on its own at the end of a meal. To be served at 18-20C  15.0% Alcohol""Today we have another Holiday Saturday Splurge wine for gift giving to the wine lovers in your life. This wine comes from the same producer as our"
990,"   To submerge or not to submerge, that is the question.  100% Syrah from Carneros, Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $48 (Saturday Splurge). 568 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""We believe wine is a story of the land and the place in which it grew. Its the story of the people who coax it into being -- of the sunshine, winds, and seasons that give it its personality. Wine is an invitation -- to enjoyment, to the telling of tales, to the sharing of the stories and folklore that make us who we are.  14.5% Alcohol""This is the second wine weve reviewed from Mira Winery after recommending their Cabernet Sauvignon as a Christmas gift -- Mira Winery Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon 2008 - Give Them What They Want. And you may have noticed that this winery has been in the news lately because they recently submerged wine in the harbor in Charleston, S.C. to see how aging wine in the ocean compares to the traditional method on dry ground. As a fan of experiments with wine, whether intentional or unintentional, I think this is a brilliant idea. And while we wait for the results, lets get to todays review of their Syrah.  The 2009 Mira Winery Hyde Vineyard Syrah begins with a strong, pleasing aroma of abundant dark fruit, smoked meat, a little menthol and spice. This full-bodied wine tastes wonderful -- this is some serious Syrah. Theres lots of dark fruit, a nice spicy streak, continuing smoked meat notes and great balance. It ends with some nice graphite minerality and more deep, dark fruit that hangs around for quite awhile.  Available exclusively from the winery here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130316"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Mira Winery Hyde Vineyard Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/mira-winery-hyde-vineyard-syrah.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
991," Just a few weeks ago my wife and I decided to enjoy a little wine country getaway. In looking at our options, we were intrigued by Temecula -- being just an hour north of San Diego it would allow us the opportunity to have a wine country experience but also enjoy time in San Diego. And so off we went, sans kiddos, for four days of fun. And while we enjoyed the entire trip, the highlight was our stop at Monte De Oro Winery, to which we were kindly invited by one of the winerys owners. (Skip all the way to the end for our impressions on Temecula in general.)     The lovely patio at Monte De Oro Winery in Temecula.  The first thing you notice about Monte De Oro is the really beautiful building. Monte De Oro is very much a family owned winery, its just that there are a whole bunch of families! Originally started in 2002 with about 50 investors they now have about 70 different owners. They produce about 10,000 cases of 13 different wines with several of the vineyards just planted in 2007.    Budding grapevines.    Baby grape flowers. Since our trip was in April, bud break was already in the rear view mirror and the grapes vines were already beginning to flower. (Click the photo on the right to enlarge it.)  The soils in the Temecula Valley tend to be granite and sandy loam. Temperatures can easily hit 100 degrees in July/August, so the vineyards are irrigated pretty regularly; however, the area also benefits from the ""Rainbow Gap"". This is a gap in the mountains that allows the cool air from the Pacific Ocean, which  is just 20 miles away, to flow through the valley and cool down the temperature. This also helps create the classic weather pattern for growing good grapes -- warm, sunny days and cool nights. Monte De Oro is ideally positioned in the valley to take advantage of these favorable conditions.  After exploring the vineyard a bit, we then traveled inside to the cellar and the racks and racks of wine ageing in mostly French oak barrels.   Next came the really fun part -- tasting wine from the barrel. And this wasnt just any wine we were tasting, but two brand new wines from Monte De Oro, a 2010 Petite Sirah and a 2010 Tempranillo. Both of these wines were the first vintages from vineyards planted in 2007. (It takes 3 years before you can begin harvesting grapes for wine production when planting new vines.) Both wines were getting ready to be bottled and then will be aged for another 6 months before release.    Cellar Manager David Allbright using a wine thief to extract samples from the barrel.  Both wines were surprisingly well formed at this point, which bodes well for these varietals in the future. Itll be interesting to see how the wines from these vineyards develop over the next few years.  And of course, this wouldnt be The Reverse Wine Snob if we didnt also have a wine pick for you! So today we have one of the more affordable wines we tasted on the entire trip, the 2009 Monte De Oro Cuvée De Oro Red Wine.    A certifiable quaffer!   35% Grenache, 29% Mourvèdre, 23% Syrah and 13% Cinsault.  SRP of $28 and available for $22 for wine club members (Saturday Splurge). 387 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Monte De Oro Winery is pleased to present its second Cuvee De Oro offering. This wine is a proprietary Rhone varietal blend and 35% Grenache, 29% Mourvedre, 23% Syrah and 13% Cinsault. Temecula Valleys soils are created from decomposing granitic materials that provide ideal drainage for grapevines. These soils contribute to clean, pure varietal flavors you will see in this wine. Barrel aged for 27 months this wine was bottled on May 29, 2012. 387 cases were produced. Enjoy!  15.0% Alcohol""The 2009 Monte De Oro Cuvée De Oro Red Wine begins with pleasant berry aromas as well as a bit of menthol. This wine needs some air to really open up but when it does youll find a nice mix of light spice and berry fruit in the mouth. The primary flavors are strawberry, raspberry and wild cherry, all a bit on the tart side. It ends with a dry medium length finish. While its not overly complex, this is one very easy to drink wine - a certifiable quaffer.  Buy this wine direct from the winery here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130427"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Monte De Oro Cuvée De Oro Red Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/04/weekend-wine-getaway-monte-de-oro-temecula.html"" };     Lastly a note about Temecula in general. This is a relatively new wine area, with the first winery opening its doors in 1969. Because many of the wineries are small operations, their costs are high, which means their wines can be expensive; however, I was not prepared for just how expensive they went! But to be honest it wasnt the price that bothered me, it was that the price was not nearly justified by the quality of the wine at many of the 8-10 wineries we visited -- a bad combination.  Unfortunately some of the wineries seemed to be more interested in creating a cool space for tasting than producing quality wine. Undoubtedly this is due to the fact that they generate the majority of their revenue off of tastings, which were not cheap either, averaging around $15. While we enjoyed our trip and especially our visit at Monte De Oro (easily one of the more fairly priced wineries in the area) Id have a hard time recommending a visit to this area solely for the purpose of visiting the wineries. Frankly youd be much better off some place like Sonoma, where you can find a lot more quality at similar prices. If youre in the San Diego area already, its definitely worth a day trip to check it out.    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
992,"   Do yourself a favor and get to know Merlot from Washington State.   This post brought to you by:    Get the 2012 Downes Family ""Sanctuary Peak"" Sauvignon Blanc for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   81% Merlot, 15% Cabernet Sauvignon and 4% Petit Verdot from Columbia Valley, Washington.  SRP of $41 and purchased for $25 (Saturday Splurge). Also available at Costco for $29.99. Around 8,000 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""Rich, concentrated yet elegant, each vintage of Northstar Merlot is truly handcrafted from the best of the harvest to showcase Washington States finest vineyards.  14.8% Alcohol""Columbia Valley, which covers 99% of the vineyard area in the state of Washington, offers a fascinating study in terroir. From the 300 days of sunshine a year to the desert like 6-10"" of annual rainfall (due to the rain shadow effect from the Cascade Mountains) to the 40 degree diurnal shift (difference between daytime and night time temperatures) during the growing season to the extremely unique soils caused by Missoula Floods during the Ice Age 20,000 years ago, the area offers up very unique conditions for growing grapes.  And one of the grapes that tends to thrive, and also express itself quite differently, in these conditions is Merlot. Todays wine is an excellent example of Washington State Merlot that many might easily mistake for Cabernet Sauvignon.  The 2009 Northstar Winery Columbia Valley Merlot begins with fabulous aromas of blackberry, violets, vanilla and cinnamon. The wine tastes silky and balanced and is loaded with more blackberry and black currant, licorice and plenty of dark chocolate. The tannins are relatively firm signaling that this wine still has plenty of ability to age. It ends dry with a nice streak of black pepper, lingering chocolate and a bit of tobacco on the long, satisfying finish. And the whole thing might be even better on day two. Fantastic!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140412"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Northstar Winery Columbia Valley Merlot"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/04/northstar-winery-columbia-valley-merlot.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
993,"   Terrific.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Highly Recommended Bodegas Caro Amancaya Gran Reserva 2011 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   80% Sangiovese, 15% Merlot and 5% Cabernet Sauvignon from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $45 and purchased for $25. Saturday Splurge. Around 50,000 bottles produced. Imported by Vintus.   From the winery: ""Torrione is made mainly from the Sangiovese grapes coming from the historical vines of the 70’s and from more recent vineyards. The recent ones were planted following extremely rigorous guidelines based both on the number of vines per ha and on meticulous zoning which enabled us to identify the best root-stocks to use. The yield per plant is very limited (max 500 g per vine plant) allowing the concentration of all the noble components of the grape fundamental to the great structure, elegance and balance wanted for this wine.  13.5% Alcohol""The 2009 Petrolo Torrione begins with very pleasant aromas of ripe black cherry and other berries, licorice, violets, dried herbs and a little leather. The wine tastes fantastic with lots of rich fruit and savory herbs. There are also secondary notes of spice, cola and vanilla as well as some earthy and mineral nuances. Medium to full-bodied and with good balance this is definitely a wine worth the splurge. Dry, grippy tannins and lingering juicy fruit round out the savory finish.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140606"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Petrolo Torrione"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/petrolo-torrione.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
994,"   Expensive but worth it.   100% Touriga Nacional from Douro, Portugal.  SRP of $47 and available for as low as $42 (Saturday Splurge). Imported by Quintessential Wines. Sample submitted for review.   From the bottle: ""Quinta Do Vallado is located in the heart of Douro Valley and belongs since six generations to the Ferreira Family, descendant of Dona Antonia Adelaide Ferreira.  100% Touriga Nacional. Bottled after 16 months of ageing in 225 Litre French oak casks.  14.5% Alcohol""The price of todays wine is quite steep even by our Saturday Splurge standards, but theres a good reason for it. And thats simply because 100% Touriga Nacional wines are quite hard to find. Touriga Nacional is considered one of the most noble grapes of Portugal and has always been a component of the areas red wine blends and ports. In fact, most wines in the area are blends and traditionally the different varieties are planted intermingled in the vineyard and then co-fermented. These blends can even contain up to 30 different varieties that all grow, are harvested and fermented together!  Of course when all the different varieties are mixed together in the vineyard it makes it very hard to make single varietal wines. And even though many wineries now grow their grape varieties separately, Touriga Nacional produces notoriously low yields -- on average about half that of Tinta Roriz (the local name for Tempranillo). In addition Touriga Nacional makes up a very small percentage of the total acreage. All these things equal high prices. Alas, sometimes you have to pay to try something unique and based on the awards for this wine (in the top 15 on Wine Spectators Top 100 list the last two years) I decided it was worth a look.  The 2009 Quinta Do Vallado Touriga Nacional begins with beautiful blackberry, spice and violet aromas plus a little mocha as well. The wine really starts to open up nicely after a couple hours in the glass. At that point its still a bit oaky, but give it a couple more years in the bottle and wow. Even today it is super smooth with rich and succulent fruit, fabulously integrated spice and tons of depth. The finish is very long and features toasty spice, lots more rich dark fruit and a little coffee at the very end. It may be expensive, but its definitely worth a Saturday Splurge!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130803"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Quinta Do Vallado Touriga Nacional"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/quinta-do-vallado-touriga-nacional.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
995,"   A Dry Creek Valley Zin more than worthy of a splurge.   77% Zinfandel, 14% Petite Sirah and 9% Carignane from Dry Creek Valley, California.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $25 (Saturday Splurge). 1,400 cases produced.   From the bottle: ""Cases: 1,400 Bottled: June 2011 Soil: Tuscan Red Hill, Gravelly Loam  Since 1976, Ravenswood has been synonymous with spectacular single-vineyard wines crafted from distinguished, old-vine vineyards. Teldeschi is the quintessential Dry Creek old-vine vineyard which produces big, traditional Zinfandels with spicy cinnamon aromas and jammy black cherry and plum flavors  14.8% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were big fans of the many types of Ravenswood Zinfandel (and Petite Sirah). And while they offer several excellent Zinfandel under $20 (Napa Valley and Lodi for example) today we have a special treat in the Teldeschi Single Vineyard from Dry Creek Valley. Weve spent some time in Dry Creek Valley and can say that it is home to some of the best Zin that weve ever tasted. So today were going to splurge just a bit to try this special wine.   The 2009 Ravenswood Single Vineyard Teldeschi Zinfandel begins with a complex aroma of blackberry, mint and other herbs, violets, pepper, licorice, cedar and more. Quite simply it smells awesome. The wine tastes wonderfully rich and spicy with lots of ripe blackberry, plum, prunes and raisins as well as secondary notes of licorice, pepper and smoke. It is medium to full-bodied with a smooth and even a bit chewy texture. And if that isnt enough it gets even better the longer its open. It finishes very long with lingering notes of dark chocolate, spice and leather. Excellent!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140315"",  ""title"" : ""2009 Ravenswood Single Vineyard Teldeschi Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/ravenswood-single-vineyard-teldeschi-zinfandel.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
996," And what is an ""old vine"" anyway?    83% Zinfandel and 17% Petite Sirah from Russian River Valley, Sonoma County California.  SRP of $35 and available for around $30. Sample received courtesy Wine Guerrilla for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Things were a little different when these vines were planted. There were no SUVs, only Model Ts. And if you saw an airplane pass overhead, it was likely the Wright Brothers. We think youll find the bold flavors in this bottle nothing short of historic. A blend of 83% Zinfandel and 17% Petite Sirah. Unfiltered and unrefined.  14.9% Alcohol""""Old Vines"" -- certainly sounds appealing, but what does that mean anyway? In reality, there is no agreed upon definition of an ""old vine"". It depends on the region but typically somewhere north of 50 years is considered ""old"". (Todays wine comes from 100+ year old vines.)   But why does that matter anyway? Whether or not grapes from old vines make a better wine is open for debate, but old vines do have some different characteristics that could lead to a better (or at least a different) wine. The primary one is that just like any plant, the older it gets the deeper and more complex its root system becomes which allows it to thrive even in adverse conditions. This leads to a more consistent grape production each year.   In addition, as vines age they tend to produce less fruit but it is said that the grapes that remain have a higher concentration of flavor. After tasting todays wine, Im a believer in that theory. The term big and bold is overused in wine writing so when you get a wine that really goes way beyond, describing it as big and bold just doesnt cut it. The 2009 Wine Guerrilla Forchini Vineyards Old Vine Zinfandel Russian River Valley is a wine on overdrive. (Evidently the name of the wine gets longer as the vine ages also.) If you could add a turbo engine to wine, this is what youd get.  The wine opens with very strong aromas of spice, dark fruit and licorice and it explodes with vibrant jammy fruit when tasting. It also features a good dose spice that helps to give it a lively mouthfeel. The primary flavors when tasting are cranberry, raspberry, blackberry and sour cherry. The finish on the Forchini Vineyards Zin is very long with lots of fruit and another good burst of peppery spice. This one mellowed out a bit on day 2. It is also unfiltered so you may want to filter it when pouring to remove the sediment.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120121"",  ""title"" : ""Wine Guerrilla Forchini Vineyards Old Vine Zinfandel 2009"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
997,"  85% Zinfandel, 10% Carignan and 5% Petite Sirah from Alexander Valley, Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $27. Sample received courtesy Wine Guerrilla for review purposes.  From the bottle:""Youve seen them staring down from the shelves of grocery stores and wine shops -- smug, expensive bourgeois wines with unpronounceable names. But in small pockets of Sonoma Countys rebel country, proud growers still raise their hydrometers in defiance of such mediocrity. Harris-Kratka vineyard does the insurgency proud. 85% Zinfandel, 10% Carignan & 5% Petite Sirah. Unfiltered and unfined.  14.8% Alcohol""I first learned of Wine Guerrilla through their 2009 Wine Guerrilla Sonoma County Rebel Cru Red where I was impressed with its bold flavors. If you remember a few weeks ago, we then covered the 2009 Wine Guerrilla Forchini Vineyards Old Vine Zinfandel in our Saturday Splurge series and again I was really struck with just how big and bold their Zinfandel based wines are. I dont think it would be possible to call any Wine Guerilla wine boring and todays Saturday Splurge is no different.  The 2009 Wine Guerrilla Harris-Kratka Vineyard Zinfandel begins with an enticing bouquet of lots of licorice, spice and black pepper along with blackberry and rich cherry aromas. Tasting this vibrant wine shows it is chocked full of not just jammy fruit but that it has a woodsy brambliness (is that a word?) to it that is quite nice. It also features a smooth and lively mouthfeel and really tastes fantastic after it has had a couple hours to breathe. (It also holds up great on day 2.) Another big, rich and bold Zinfandel from Wine Guerrilla perfect for when you want to shake things up!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120224"",  ""title"" : ""Wine Guerrilla Harris-Kratka Vineyard Zinfandel"",  ""permalink"" : """" };    "
998,"  97% Syrah and 3% Viognier from Los Alamos Valley, California.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $23. Sample received courtesy Andrew Murray Vineyards for review purposes.  From the bottle:""The Watch Hill Vineyard lies in the cool reaches of the Los Alamos Valley. The grapes are allowed to reach very high maturity levels, while retaining a stunning natural acidity due to warm, sunny days and cool nights, and soils rich in sand and calcareous material. This results in a classic, cool-climate Syrah that is refreshing, rather than heavy or cloying.  We added 3% Viognier to this vintage in hommage of our old Roasted Slope Syrah.  The 2010 (like the 2009 before) just begged for a little something extra, and the Viognier delivered by lifting the nose and by helping to keep this Syrah remain yummy and distinctive.  The aromas and flavors lean toward bright red fruits...cherries, raspberries, currants, and cranberries, with just a touch of a floral/violet note (from the Viognier) with a spicy note dominated by fresh black pepper and a dose of sweet French oak. This wine is quite quaffable now, but you will be rewarded if you wait 2-7 years to drink this one.  14.1% Alcohol""Todays wine is another from one of my favorite winemakers, Andrew Murray. If you remember, it was just earlier this week that we reviewed the 2009 Tous Les Jours, which received our highest ever Taste rating. The Watch Hill Vineyard Syrah is one of Andrew Murrays single vineyard wines, which all clock in at over $20, but let me tell you, they are all well worth it.  The 2010 Andrew Murray Vineyards Watch Hill Syrah begins with beautiful and dense aromas of raspberry, plum, spice and maybe even a bit of banana. Theres a nice floral component as well. Tasting the wine shows really lush flavors and good structure. This is a really fun to drink wine. The dry and long finish features wonderful peppery spice.   The bottom-line is that this is simply an extremely delicious wine. The 3% Viognier is actually co-fermented with the Syrah, a style of which I am definitely a fan. And dont forget, youve got just two more days to get in on the free shipping offer if you order directly from the Andrew Murray Vineyards!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120427"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Andrew Murray Vineyard Watch Hill Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
999,"   Smooth and Steely  100% Gruner Veltliner from Kamptal, Austria.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $24 (Saturday Splurge). Sample received for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""The Left Bank of the River Kamp gives us the zip, the minerality and the Right Bank the creaminess, length for our Charming style.  Laurenz V. Strictly Gruner & Sheer Drinking Pleasure  13.0% Alcohol""Today we go back to Austrias signature grape, Gruner Veltliner. This time; however, we travel to Kamptal, Austria which many feel produce the best Gruner Veltliner in the world. Many of the vineyards in this area are on steep slopes with very thin layers of soil above gravel and volcanic rock, the source of the signature mineral notes in these wines. Add in scorching sun and large temperature differentials between day and night and you have a recipe for wonderful wine. How wonderful? Lets find out.  The 2010 Charming Gruner Veltliner Reserve by Laurenz V. opens with an excellent and steely aroma of apple, white pepper, lemon/lime and minerals. The wine tastes terrific with juicy apple, zesty lemon, nice white pepper notes, good minerality and a great crisp acidity. Despite the steeliness, it also features a wonderful smooth and almost creamy texture that helps to make it a pleasure to drink. On the finish all these flavors stay in your mouth for a surprisingly long time.   Wine in the Awesome Austrians series: 2010 Zantho Zweigelt - A perfect wine for Thanksgiving dinner. 2011 Laurenz V. Singing Gruner Veltliner - At this price it just might make you sing! 2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic - A Beauty From Burgenland. 2010 Laurenz V. Charming Gruner Veltliner - Smooth and Steely. 2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt - Fresh From The Garden! 2010 Juris St Laurent Selection - Pinot Noirs deep, dark and savory love child finds a home in Austria.  2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection - Think you know Pinot? Then you need to get to know Austria.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121110"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Charming Gruner Veltliner by Laurenz V"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/11/laurenz-v-charming-gruner-veltliner.html"" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1000,"  100% Pinot Noir from Russian River Valley, California.  SRP of $25 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Benson Marketing for review purposes.  From the bottle:""From the sprawling coastline to the gently rolling hills enveloping lush, vineyard-laden valleys, Echelon is inspired by the best that California has to offer. Our Collection Series wines, the Upper Echelon, celebrate the most prestigious appellations within California.  Aromas of red berry, tart currant and juicy plum precede flavors of concentrated dark fruit with a hint of smoky spice. Perfectly balanced, the crisp acidity contributes to a complex, silky finish. Enjoy with a soft-ripened brie or camembert appetizer or a meal featuring herb-roasted pork tenderloin.  13.5% Alcohol""Todays Saturday Splurge comes from the newly launched Collection Series line from Echelon Vineyard. And while it is possible to find good Pinot Noir under $20, it does take some work so today we offer a Saturday Splurge Pinot Noir that is just outside our normal price range.  The 2010 Echelon Collection Series Russian River Valley Pinot Noir begins with aromas of black cherry cola, raspberry, a little vanilla and peppery spice along with a dash of Sweet Tarts candy. The wine tastes of raspberry, black cherry, and a good amount of really nice peppery spice that kicks in on the finish. This wine has a good silky texture and nice acidity. A really nice, flavorful and spicy Pinot Noir.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120324"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Echelon Collection Series Russian River Valley Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : """" };      #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1001,"   The 2010 Eurynome Red and the 2011 Eurynome White wines from Greece.   Today in our Saturday Splurge series we visit one of the oldest winemaking countries in the world for a pair of tasty and very flavorful wines that bring back good memories.  First up is the 2010 Eurynome Red, a blend of 70% Xinomavro and 30% Negoska from Goumenissa, Greece and made from organic grapes. This wine has an SRP of $27 (Saturday Splurge). 1,150 cases produced, imported by Eklektikon. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""According to the oldest Greek myth, life began with the goddess Eurynome. Having nowhere to rest, she split sky from sea, then danced gracefully on the waves, birthing the elemental entirety of the earth; uniting wisdom and divinity. Her namesake wine is he result of equally comprehensive winemaking.  The vivid acidity of highly esteemed Greek Xinomavro (acid-black) grape is softened by the pleasantly aromatic Negoska. Matured in oak barrels for 12 months, and then 6 months longer in the bottle, the result of this aging is an aromatically complex wine, predominantly scented by bramble fruits, finely nuanced with notes of spice, tomato, olive, and vanilla. Full bodied on the palate, aromatic, richly tannined, and with an enduring finish.   13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Eurynome Red begins with major aromas of cherry, black cherry and vanilla. Tasting this medium-bodied, smooth and velvety wine reveals lots more rich black cherry, vanilla and cola flavors. Its also quite tannic. Being somewhat of a soda aficionado in my younger days, the flavors in this wine (but definitely not all the sweetness) immediately reminded me of the short-lived Black Cherry Vanilla Coke, or nowadays like the Cherry Vanilla Coke you can create in those Coca-Cola Freestyle fountains. (This is not a bad thing, in my opinion.) It finishes quite long and dry.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Next up is the 2011 Eurynome White which is 100% Roditis from Paiko, Greece and also made from organic grapes. This wine has an SRP of $20 (Saturday Splurge). 945 cases produced, imported by Eklektikon. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The light and fruity Roditis (literally “rose”) is one of the oldest and most renowned Greek grapes, features the aroma of basil and ginger, with fruity cues of apple and banana sweetness. Light and delicate in the mouth, with a lingering finish.  13.0% Alcohol""I like to eat, eat, eat apples and bananas, I like to...if you have young kids then Im sure you know the apples and bananas vowel song. Thats what came to mind at first sniff of the 2011 Eurynome White as this wine has the unmistakable aroma of both apples and bananas, along with a hint of ginger (that you wont find in the song). Its really quite a nice and enticing aroma. The wine tastes delicate and delicious. It has similar flavors to the nose with a light sweetness and a good dose of refreshing lemon/lime along with a wonderful silky smooth mouthfeel. The long finish features some spicy mineral notes that wraps things up nicely. A joy to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1002,"   Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.   71% Merlot and 29% Cabernet Sauvignon from the Finger Lakes region of New York.  SRP of $40 and available at that price. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This limited release contains Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon blended for complexity and long life. This wine will continue to get better over many years of aging. Rich, full-bodied and smooth, it is unrivaled as an accompaniment to tenderloin of beef. This wine is unfiltered and unfined. It is natural for a sediment to form over time. You may wish to decant this wine before serving.  Our winery, located on the western slopes of Seneca Lake, is ideally situated for producing world class wines. Open all year, our tasting room and Cafe, with their spectacular views of the lake and vineyards, are perfect for a relaxing visit.  12.3% Alcohol""One of the truly fun parts of being a winelover is exploring wines from new regions. While I obviously love the big wine countries like Spain and Italy its amazing what you can find in some of the smaller regions that you wouldnt necessarily expect to be prime grape growing areas.   You may remember from our review of the Ex Libris Cabernet Sauvignon from Washington state that we dubbed it ""One Cool Cabernet"", thanks to the generally cool climate growing region of the Columbia Valley. Well todays wine from the Finger Lakes takes cool climate to a whole new level, and produces, a bit surprisingly to me, one delicious Meritage. Here we have definitive proof that the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling. (Although they still do Riesling very well so you may want to check up our annual Finger Lakes Riesling Round-up posts too: Finger Lakes Riesling Roundup and Finger Lakes Riesling Roundup - Round Two!)  The 2010 Fox Run Vineyards Meritage takes a little time to open up but when it does it offers complex aromas of blackberry, menthol, coffee and black olives. The wine tastes delicious and features lots of deep dark fruit, fine tannins with a bit of spice, and vanilla and chocolate undertones. Hints of coffee and black olives carry-over from the bouquet. It ends with good length, nice spice and lingering coffee and chocolate notes.  Wine in the ""Make Mine A Meritage"" series: Lyeth Meritage 2010 - Make Mine A Meritage Wine #1  Hahn Winery Central Coast Meritage 2010 - This aint no second class Bordeaux. Dry Creek Vineyard Sonoma County Meritage 2008 - Smooth Drinking Ahead! Fox Run Vineyards Meritage 2010 - Proof the Finger Lakes offers a lot more than Riesling.  Arrowhead Red Meritage 2008 - Its easy to fall for this Meritage from Niagara.  Dry Creek Vineyard The Mariner Meritage 2008 - Splice the mainbrace!  Estancia Reserve Meritage 2009 - Sweet oak and rich fruit wrapped up in a smooth package.  Kirkland Signature Rutherford Napa Valley Meritage 2011 - A Sure Thing!  Chateau Ste Michelle Artist Series Meritage 2008 - A Work of Art  Arrowhead Spring Vineyards Meritage Reserve 2008 - A blackberry patch in a bottle. Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnificent Magnificat.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130309"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Fox Run Vineyards Meritage"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/fox-run-vineyards-meritage.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1003,"   An Absolute Beauty!   100% Pinot Noir from Wairau Valley, Marlborough, New Zealand.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $23 (Saturday Splurge). Sample received courtesy Pasternak Wine Imports for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""On first impression, our Pinot might remind you of strawberries, cherries and spice. But dig a little deeper and youll uncover the cool mountain winds and fist-sized stones that distinguish our region. Goldwater Pinot Noir comes from the Wairau Valley, the heart of viticulture and winemaking in Marlborough. It is candid, lustrous and spirited.  14.0% Alcohol""New Zealand may be best known for Sauvignon Blanc but weve tasted some pretty good Pinot Noir from this area as well from producers like Dashwood, Stoneleigh and Saint Clair. However, todays wine goes way beyond pretty good to darn near perfection. And at only a few dollars outside our normal range this wine is definitely Saturday Splurge worthy.  The 2010 Goldwater Wairau Valley Marlborough Pinot Noir begins with a rather subdued, earthy aroma when first opened. The more air it gets; however, the more complex you realize this wine is. Raspberry, cocoa, mint, earth and even caramel notes contribute to an absolutely beautiful bouquet of aromas once the wine opens up. Its one of those wines you almost dont want to taste for fear that it cant live up to the wonderful aromas, but that is definitely not the case here. Juicy and delicious fruit with perfectly integrated spice and light tannins await your first sip. And that one sip is all it takes to recognize this wine is going to be quite a treat. The finish lasts for a very long time and goes through stages of spicy black pepper, then fruit, and finally some lingering chocolate notes. Fabulous and food flexible too!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here.  Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120929"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Goldwater Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/goldwater-wairau-valley-marlborough-pinot-noir.html"" };   Sponsor The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1004,"  95% Zinfandel and 5% Petite Sirah from Russian River Valley, Sonoma County, California.  SRP of $42 (Saturday Splurge). Sample received courtesy Gracianna Winery for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""Enjoy Gracianna wines from the Amador Family of Sonoma County. Savor the everyday moments of grace when you successfully host a special meal with friends and family.  Gracianna is for those who have something to be grateful for.  This luscious wine was crafted by Gracianna on the Miracle Mile of Westside Road in Healdsburg, California.  15.9% Alcohol""Theres something you have to love about a winemaker that was caught making wine in the garage at the age of 15! Now 27, Trini Amador just produced the fifth commercial vintage for Gracianna Winery in Sonoma County. Todays Zinfandel is quite a good one, falling squarely into the big and bold category while still exhibiting a soft touch, which is exactly why I had to include it as a Saturday Splurge.  The 2010 Gracianna Zinfandel Russian River Valley Bacigalupi Vineyard begins with lots of deep spicy blackberry and raisin aromas. You know right away that youre in for some big flavors! There are also some pleasant notes of dark chocolate and mint adding complexity to the bouquet. Tasting the wine reveals a roller coaster of big flavors but at the same time the wine still has really soft edges. Blackberry, plum and spice combine with a soft and silky mouthfeel and the whole thing gets even better as it has some time to open up. This one actually reminds me a bit of a Zinfandel Port thanks to the bold flavors and higher alcohol level. Excellent.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120901"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Gracianna Zinfandel Russian River Valley"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/09/gracianna-zinfandel-russian-river-valley.html"" };    Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1005,"   Now this is some good California Pinot!  100% Pinot Noir from Santa Lucia Highlands, Monterey, California.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $22 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Hahn SLH Estate with over 650 vineyard acres in the Santa Lucia Highlands, represents a tradition of excellence in winemaking, green business practices and sustainable farming.  Winemaker Paul Clifton selected a blend of Pommard 5, 667, 777, II5, and 2A from our Doctors (65%), Smith (22%) and Lone Oak (13%) vineyards to create the finest expression of the vintage. This wine exhibits layers of complex fruit flavors, coupled with velvety tannins and cool climate acidity, hallmarks of the SLH appellation. Ready to enjoy now, this wine can cellar for several years prior to enjoyment.  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from Hahn Winery who you may remember from their wonderful California Pinot Noir. That wine currently holds the #5 spot on our Top 10 Reds list and is available for as little as $10. Given how much we loved their lower priced Pinot, we just had to give their high end Santa Lucia Highlands Pinot Noir a try even though it clocks in just over $20. So how did it compare? Lets find out!   The 2010 Hahn Estates Santa Lucia Highlands (SLH) Pinot Noir begins with a delicious aroma of black and red cherry, spice, vanilla, dried herbs and flowers. The wine has a wonderfully complex taste of black cherry cola, licorice, spice, smoke, black pepper, raspberry and even a few mineral notes. Silky, dusty tannins make for a wonderful mouthfeel. It ends with a long and spicy finish featuring nice toasty oak, vanilla and caramel accents. Excellent and worth every penny!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121201"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Hahn Estates Santa Lucia Highlands Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/hahn-estates-santa-lucia-highlands-pinot-noir.html"" };     Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1006,"   A splurge-worthy example of California Pinot Noir.  100% Pinot Noir from Sonoma Coast, California.  SRP of $50 (Saturday Splurge). 208 cases (2,500 bottles) produced. This review is sponsored by CorkExclusive where you can get the JCB No.7 Pinot Noir 2010 for just $33.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!    From the bottle: ""Debonnaire - Charismatic - Seductive  What if we could capture style and hold it in a bottle? What if heritage and promise could be entwined? What if personality - audacious, passionate, unique, subtle, mysterious - was revealed from one bottle to another by a Number, until it was all held within a limited collection of fine wines? The answer to these questions is JCB, a new way of thinking about wine, a new way of exploring taste and style.   Transcending Terroir - Celebrating Time - Embracing Style  14.5% Alcohol""The 2010 JCB No. 7 Pinot Noir begins with pretty classic Pinot Noir aromas of black cherry, red licorice, oak and vanilla. Tasting reveals a smooth texture with lots of black cherry, licorice, raspberry and tons of cola. Nice acidity and soft, light tannins round out this still young wine. Very pleasant  spice notes lead into the long, dry finish. Pinot fans will find a lot to love here.  Get the JCB No.7 Pinot Noir 2010 for just $33.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive! Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140628"",  ""title"" : ""2010 JCB No. 7 Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/jcb-no-7-pinot-noir.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the JCB No.7 Pinot Noir 2010 for just $33.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order at CorkExclusive!   Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1007,"   Think you know Pinot? Then you need to get to know Austria.  100% Pinot Noir from Neusiedlersee, Burgenland, Austria.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $20 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Made from a selection of younger plantings approximately 15 years in age. This pure international expression of Pinot Noir relates stylistically to those of Oregon’s, Willamette Valley or France’s Burgundy. A long and dry 2010 vintage allowed for easy ripening but without acidity falling out. After a healthy native fermentation lively aromatics of wild strawberry suggest a much bigger wine than what’s actually in the bottle. The color is also darker than you might expect from the old world, but isn’t the result of long cold soaks or heavy-handed extraction but instead a reflection of the Austrian terroir. Gravelly and sandy soils dominate lending a sweet earthiness. Wherever a slight carmelization or sweet nutiness wishes to be highlighted or a savory element balanced, this goes where other Pinot Noirs cannot.  13.0% Alcohol""Even if Pinot Noir wasnt currently grown in Austria, it would still be intimately intertwined with Austrian wine being one of the parents of St. Laurent, which in turn is one of the parents of Zweigelt. Lucky for us Pinot Noir IS grown here and based on the success of its offspring, it certainly makes sense that it would do well, but it represents a tiny amount of the wine produced. Todays wine, while still being a Saturday Splurge, is one of the more affordable options available.  The 2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection begins with a very earthy aroma along with wild cherry, strawberry, raisins and cranberries. I wasnt quite sure what to expect based on the bouquet but this is one tasty wine! Its not nearly as earthy in the mouth as it smells, but the earthy character is definitely still there and it interacts nicely with the ripe and juicy fruit. It is also very smooth, savory and easy to drink with a nice finish. If you think you know Pinot Noir then you definitely need to get to know Austria and the Juris is a great place to start!   Wine in the Awesome Austrians series: 2010 Zantho Zweigelt - A perfect wine for Thanksgiving dinner. 2011 Laurenz V. Singing Gruner Veltliner - At this price it just might make you sing! 2010 IBY Blaufrankisch Classic - A Beauty From Burgenland. 2010 Laurenz V. Charming Gruner Veltliner - Smooth and Steely. 2009 Meinhard Forstreiter Zvy-Gelt Zweigelt - Fresh From The Garden! 2010 Juris St Laurent Selection - Pinot Noirs deep, dark and savory love child finds a home in Austria.  2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection - Think you know Pinot? Then you need to get to know Austria.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130302"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Juris Pinot Noir Selection"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/03/juris-pinot-noir-selection-2010-awesome-austrians.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1008,"   Youll thank me as soon as you finish the first one.   79% Cabernet Sauvignon, 17% Merlot, 3% Petit Verdot and 1% Malbec from Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $40 and typically available as low as $24, but we were able to pick up a few bottles on sale for $19.99. Well cover it here as a Saturday Splurge since thats the more typical situation.  From the bottle: ""High in the hills of Mount Veeder, vineyards clinging to the rugged, steep slopes produce intense and exceptionally concentrated grapes. At Mount Veeder Winery, we are proud of our reputation for producing outstanding Cabernet Sauvignon and with every vintage, our goal is to fully express the unique characteristics of our mountain-grown fruit. Experience the magic of Mount Veeder as you enjoy our Cabernet Sauvignons full-bodied fruit flavors of blackberry and cherry, layered with distinctive cocoa, tobacco and cedar notes.  14.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is made by Janet Myers of Franciscan Estate, certainly a good sign as weve enjoyed many of her other efforts:  Franciscan Estate Magnificat Napa Valley Meritage 2009 - Magnficent Magnificat. Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Chardonnay 2011 - Solid! Franciscan Estate Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - Take a Vow of Delicious The 2010 Mount Veeder Winery Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with a beautiful, very aromatic nose featuring black cherry, blackcurrant, violets and other perfumed floral notes along with a little mint and mocha. The wine needs a couple hours to really open up but when it does youll find a delicious, smooth, dry wine with rich and juicy black cherry, plum, vanilla and a bit of toasty oaky spice. It ends with more rich lingering fruit along with a little tobacco, a touch of green olive and spice. Fabulous.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130824"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Mount Veeder Winery Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/08/mount-veeder-winery-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1009,"   Saturday Splurge!  93% Cot (Malbec), 5% Petit Verdot and 2% Carménère from Maipo Andes Valley, Chile.  SRP of $22 and available at that price. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Our Cot Limited Edition shows, in addition to the specific notes of the variety, the unmistakable character typical of Maipo Alto wines. It is a potent wine, well structured and creamy, which at the same time offers a delicate freshness that makes it very attractive. Aromatically, there are notes of fresh red fruits and blackpepper, with a special hint of flowers.  14.0% Alcohol""Everybody knows that the best Malbec comes from Argentina, right? Not so! In addition to France, where it originated, and California, where some good things are being done with this variety, you can add Chile to the list as well.   While you may not think of Chile as a hot spot for Malbec, just take a look a map and youll see that Chile is just on the other side of the Andes Mountains from Argentina, and in fact, todays wine comes from an area roughly on the other side of the Andes from Mendoza. This is not to say that Malbec from Chile is a carbon copy of what you find in Argentina...it has its own unique characteristics as well.  One note on the price -- this wine is just gaining distribution in the U.S., and as an emerging varietal for the region you may pay a bit of a premium for the higher end wines, thus the SRP of $22 and the Saturday Splurge designation. My guess is that the price will fall as it becomes more widely distributed, and the price of Chilean Malbec in general should also fall quickly as producers ramp up the supply.   The 2010 Perez Cruz Limited Edition Cot begins with a very nice aroma of plum, strawberry, raspberry, black pepper and some floral notes. Tasting the wine shows rich fruit and nicely integrated spice along with a great mouthfeel. This is a very smooth and tasty wine. It ends with lots of spice and black pepper on the finish plus some long lasting fruit notes. The wine was just as good or maybe even a little better on day 2. Quite a delicious wine for a Saturday Splurge!  And if youre wondering about the name ""Cot"", it comes from the original name for Malbec in the Cahors area of France, ""Cot Noir"". Cheers!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120623"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Perez Cruz Limited Edition Cot"",  ""permalink"" : """" };     Sponsor a Post on The Reverse Wine Snob!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1010,"   A legitimately good Saturday Splurge.   Pinot Noir from Willamette Valley, Oregon.  SRP of $35 and available for as low as $24 (Saturday Splurge). 8,283 cases produced. Sample submitted for review. Distributed nationally by Wilson Daniels.  From the bottle: ""For over four decades the Ponzi family has set the standards for New World Pinot Noir. Second generation Winemaker Luisa Ponzi together with her brother and sister management team, maintain their unwavering commitment to winemaking excellence and responsible stewardship of the land. Pinot Noir for this cuvée  was harvested from Ponzis Aurora (18%), Avellana (11%), Madrona (10%) and Abetina (2%) Vineyards, Gran Moraine (16%), Lazy River (12%), Lemelson (5%), Linda Vista (11%), Menefee (5%), Wahle (5%), and Zena East (5%) Vineyards.  13.6% Alcohol""The 2010 Ponzi Vineyards Willamette Valley Pinot Noir begins with very pleasant aromas of strawberry, cranberry, baking spice and a little oak. The wine tastes of juicy strawberry and cherry cola with a bit of rhubarb, licorice and more baking spice. This is a smooth and delicious medium-bodied wine with great balance. It ends with tart cherry, cola, black tea and even more baking spice that lingers for quite a while. Excellent!   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140104"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Ponzi Vineyards Willamette Valley Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/01/ponzi-vineyards-willamette-valley-pinot-noir.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1011,"   A special Holiday Saturday Splurge!   88% Cabernet Sauvignon, 7% Cabernet Franc, 4% Merlot and 1% Malbec from To Kalon Vineyard, Oakville District, Napa Valley, California.  SRP of $45 and available for as low as $35. Sample submitted for review. 8,333 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""Robert Mondavi taught me that great wine can only come from great vineyards, and Oakville has been the cradle of great Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon for more than 130 years. Robert Mondavi chose these vineyards with the goal of creating wines that could stand in the company of the worlds finest, and I am proud to continue that tradition.  15.0% Alcohol""Just as we did last year, this year we will be highlighting a few wines beyond our typical Saturday Splurge price range. The reason, as we explained in our post Give Them What They Want, is simple -- the whole idea behind gift giving is to give the other person what they want. And for whatever reason there are many people that want expensive wine (not everyone is a Reverse Wine Snob, gasp!). At the same time, when youre spending a good chunk of money on a single bottle of wine as a gift, you really want to make sure it is a good one! So over the next few weeks well highlight a handful of worthy options. Up first comes a wine from the pride and joy of Mr. Robert Mondavi himself: To Kalon vineyard in the Oakville District of Napa Valley.   The 2010 Robert Mondavi Winery Oakville District Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon begins with pleasant aromas of plum, blackberry and lots of vanilla. The medium to full-bodied wine tastes delicious with lots of rich, tart, dark fruit and a hefty dose of oak. This is still a fairly young wine as it spent about 2 years in mostly new French oak so it will only get better from here. (And if you drink it now give it a good decant first.) A smooth texture with fine tannins lead into the dry, vanilla soaked finish which also features more rich fruit and lingering chocolate notes at the very end.  Also check out our review of the regular Robert Mondavi Napa Valley Cabernet which can be had for $18 at Costco.  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131123"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Robert Mondavi Oakville Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/11/robert-mondavi-oakville-napa-valley-cabernet-sauvignon.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1012,"   Experience Washington.   95% Syrah co-fermented with 5% Viognier from Walla Walla Valley, Washington.  SRP of $40 and available for around $35 (Saturday Splurge).   From the winery: ""Modeled after a Cote Rotie (hence the winery name) this is a co-fermented blend of 95% Syrah (45% SJR Vineyard in the ""Rocks"" and the balance from Dwelley and Patina) and 5% Viognier. It displays a deep ruby color and a nose of raspberry, cherry, cassis and a bit of plum, with scents of lavender, sandalwood, orange peel, oriental incense and a hint of violets. The palate comprises of thick dark fruits wrapped around a deep bore core, underlain with licorice, Swiss chocolate and French roast. The back reveals a grainy texture that is intermixed with earthy minerals, dried cherry and orange peel, and touches of creme brulee, and roasted nuts, followed by chewy sweet-dry tannins on the finish.  14.2% Alcohol""One of the reasons I love Syrah so much is simply all the different expressions of the grape. Whether it be Australian Shiraz, the basis for a Rhone blend, a warm climate Syrah or a cool climate Syrah, this variety has a ton to offer. And today we have an outstanding example of a cool climate Syrah from Washington State, which perhaps surprisingly, is the second largest producer of premium wines ($8 and up) in the U.S.  The 2010 Rotie Cellars Northern Blend begins with dense and delicious aromas of raspberry, plum, bacon, lavender, violets and lots of really succulent dried herbs. Tasting the wine reveals rich, concentrated dark fruit, more bacon and dried herbs, a little black pepper and lots of slate rock minerality that becomes even more prominent on the finish. This medium-to-full-bodied wine also has great balance and smooth texture with fine, grainy tannins. It ends dry, with more rich fruit that turns a bit sour and lasts for a good time. Really excellent and just as good on day 2!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130209"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Rotie Cellars Northern Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/02/rotie-cellars-northern-blend-2010.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1013,"   Bold is an understatement.   100% Grenache from Maury, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $24 (Saturday Splurge). Sample received courtesy Trinchero Family Estates for review purposes.  From the winemaker: ""Shatter, Dave Phinney and Joel Gott’s first collaborative effort, comes from the small town of Maury in the Roussillon region of France. The hillside Grenache vines were planted over 60 years ago in black schist, a slate-like, rocky soil common to the area. Though nutrient-poor, it retains heat well, allowing the slow-ripening Grenache to reach full maturity through cool nights. Tough soil, strong winds and hot days push the vines and cause Shatter, or Coulure, in the grape clusters, naturally thinning fruit from the vines and producing more intensely concentrated flavors. After harvest, the fruit was cold-soaked for 30 days to help further concentrate the wine, then fermented and aged at Daves winery in Maury.  15.0% Alcohol""Shatter, as you can see from the info above, is a condition that naturally thins fruit from grapevines due to extreme conditions. While on the surface this may seem like a bad thing, as weve discussed before these extreme conditions are actually quite beneficial for producing extremely flavor concentrated grapes -- just not that many of them.  This wine also comes from the partnership of Dave Phinney and Joel Gott, two names you might be familiar with from wines such as Orin Swift The Prisoner and The Show series of wines. Certainly a good pedigree, but can the wine live up to expectations? Lets find out.  The 2010 Dave Phinney - Joel Gott Shatter Grenache begins with expressive aromas of ripe dark fruit (mostly blackberry and blueberry) along with lavender, spice and a little vanilla. A truly excellent bouquet. Tasting the wine reveals a bold, fruit forward Grenache with succulent blackberry flavors dominating; however, this is no one trick pony. There are also big (but smooth) tannins, lots of oaky spice, an excellent lush mouthfeel and a super long dry finish. This wine is quite fun to drink as it reveals more nuances as it has some time in the glass. More than a bold statement, this wine is audaciously good.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121013"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Shatter Grenache"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/10/shatter-grenache-2010-audacious.html"" };     #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1014,"   Juicy and Smooth - Another Lovely Lagrein!   100% Lagrein from Alto Adige, Italy.  SRP of $25 and available for around $20 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Description: deep garnet red in color, with a delicate bouquet showing the cherry and violet note characteristic of the varietals; subtle wood tones complement its full round fruit flavors. Compact tannins and an agreeable acidity carry this traditional South Tyrolean wine through to its long finish.  Food pairing: excellent with braised or grilled beef, lamb, or game, as well as cheese.  13.5% Alcohol""Today were going back to one of our favorite, under-appreciated regions, Alto Adige. Weve previously covered a number of delicious wines in this series: 2010 Nals Margreid Penon Pinot Bianco  2009 Manincor Lagrein Rubatsch 2010 Erste + Neue Weissburgunder-Pinot Blanc 2010 San Pietro Lagrein  2011 Castelfeder 15 Pinot Grigio 2010 Colterenzio Weisshaus Pinot Bianco 2009 Castel Sallegg Lagrein Riserva 2011 Nals Margreid Galea Vernatsch Schiava 2010 Tramin Lagrein 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein Today we have another wine made from the delicious variety of Lagrein, a grape indigenous to Alto Adige.   The 2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein begins with a delicate and inviting aroma of black cherry, violet and licorice. The wine tastes of juicy red and black cherry with undercurrents of licorice and tobacco. Fine, soft tannins contribute to a very smooth and pleasing mouthfeel in this nicely balanced wine. It ends with a very long finish featuring more juicy fruit and lingering mineral and tobacco notes that last a really long time. Another lovely Lagrein!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130119"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Tiefenbrunner Turmhof Lagrein"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/tiefenbrunner-turmhof-lagrein-2010.html"" };   Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!  #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1015,"   More love for wine from Lodi.   100% Petite Sirah from Clements Hills, Lodi, California.  SRP of $21 and available at that price (Saturday Splurge). 200 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""From the moment we planted our first vine over 12 years ago, the desire to create our own wine was always an aspiration. After a decade of farming experience, working with the soil of the Vinedos Aurora, we are now able to share our unique and long-awaited wine with you. Our Petite Sirah has the pleasant flavors of blackberries, raspberries and guava with a hint of violet on the nose. Discover floral notes of Jamaica in this bold full-bodied wine with a well-balanced finish. Salud!  14.5% Alcohol""Todays wine also came from the online wine and cheese tasting we mentioned in last Saturdays splurge. This Petite Sirah was paired with the unfortunately named, but quite tasty, ""bandage-wrapped"" cheddar. If thats not a cheese in need of some marketing help, I dont know what is. Despite the name the pairing was quite successful. We also found the cheese, from the excellent Cheese Central in Lodi, to be excellent with sliced apples and salami among other foods. (And the salami went quite well with the wine too.)  The 2010 Vinedos Aurora Petite Sirah begins with very nice aromas of blue and black fruit, a little black pepper, some dark chocolate and a hint of flowers. Tasting reveals a wine that is loaded with flavor. Theres lots of ripe, rich blueberry, blackberry and black raspberry fruit along with a substantial, full, smooth, savory and almost meaty texture. It ends dry with very good length, more rich dark fruit, some sweet oak spice and the return of those black pepper and dark chocolate notes from the nose. Excellent!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here or buy it direct from the winery. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140301"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Vinedos Aurora Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/vinedos-aurora-petite-sirah.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1016,"   This wine is a knock-out!   100% Cabernet Franc from El Dorado County, California.  SRP of $30 and purchased for $25 (Saturday Splurge). 500 cases produced.  From the bottle: ""This is a wine made for the open-minded, the adventurous and those who root for the underdog. Its Cabernet Franc from El Dorado California aged in used French Oak for 22 months; truly a Scrapper.  14.5% Alcohol""Cabernet Franc, a parent of Cabernet Sauvignon, is a grape that rarely gets it due nowadays and that is precisely why Vinum Cellars makes this wine. While I usually comment on the contents inside the bottle, I have to say that the marketing of this wine is absolutely perfect. From the name, The Scrapper, to the image of Gene Tunney on the bottle, it all just works. (Gene Tunney was heavyweight champion from 1926-1928, was the only person to beat Jack Dempsey twice, retired undefeated and yet somehow never gets his due.)   The 2010 Vinum Cellars The Scrapper Cabernet Franc begins with an excellent aroma of black cherry, cedar, dried herbs and balsa wood. Tasting the wine reveals dry, strong, grippy tannins and more black cherry plus juicy black raspberry and blueberry. Its smooth, extremely delicious and savory with dark chocolate and coffee notes leading into the long dry finish. This is a fantastic wine that is sure to generate conversations based both on what is inside and outside the bottle -- well-done Vinum Cellars!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20131207"",  ""title"" : ""2010 Vinum Cellars The Scrapper Cabernet Franc"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/12/vinum-cellars-scrapper-cabernet-franc.html"" };      Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1017,"   Ice Wine From Israel  100% Gewurztraminer ice wine from Golan Heights, Galilee, Israel. (Kosher)  SRP of $27 for a 375ml bottle and available for as low as $23 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Yarden HeightsWine is made from frozen clusters of Gewurztraminer. This sweet wine, made in the style of classic icewine, can be enjoyed cold with goose liver or rich desserts.  Best served at about 45F.  Sugar at harvest: 39 Degrees Brix Residual sugar: 17.9 g/l Kosher for Passover  12.0% Alcohol""Todays wine is not only the first weve reviewed from Israel but also the first ice wine weve covered. Ice wine is made from grapes that are left to freeze on the vine, or in the case of todays wine, where that is not practical they can be frozen in the winery. Why frozen grapes? The reason is that when the grapes freeze the sugars in the grape stay unfrozen while the water does not. Pressing the grapes when frozen thus results in a sweet, concentrated juice perfect for a dessert wine.  Its also a bit surprising to me that for an area so historically renowned for winemaking, we see so little Israeli wine in the United States. Itll take some looking but there are some nice wines from this region available, even under $20, and well be covering several of them in upcoming posts.  The 2010 Golan Heights Winery Yarden HeightsWine Gewurztraminer Ice Wine begins with aromas of peaches, apricots, tropical fruits and honeysuckle plus a little cinnamon and pine tree. The wine tastes deliciously sweet with a rich, smooth and even a bit creamy texture. It exhibits great depth of flavor with pear, apricot and mango flavors plus a whole lot of honey and a little spice. Good acidity helps to offset all the sweetness. It ends with good length featuring more sweet fruit and highlighted with lots of sweet vanilla and cinnamon. This wine would be an excellent match with any rich dessert, but why bother as it makes a fabulous dessert all by itself!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20121229"",  ""title"" : ""Golan Heights Winery Yarden HeightsWine Gewurztraminer Ice Wine"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2012/12/golan-heights-winery-yarden-heightswine-gewurztraminer-ice-wine.html"" };     Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1018,"   Two cant miss wines from Avignonesi.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Concha Y Toro Gran Reserva Serie Riberas Cabernet Sauvignon 2012 for just $15.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   While many of you are probably familiar with Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, if youre like me, you dont see Rosso di Montepulciano very often. However, the two wines are analogous to Brunello di Montalcino and its little brother Rosso di Montalcino. Like those wines, the rules regarding the Rosso are less stringent than for its big brother. In the case of the Montepulciano brothers the Rosso is allowed to have higher grape yields (up to 70L per hectare versus 56L per hectare for the Vino Nobile) and requires a much shorter period of aging (6 months versus 24).  Both of todays wine come from the Avignonesi winery which despite producing almost 750,000 bottles per year uses almost 100% estate grown fruit. Avignonesi is a true champion of Sangiovese -- despite rules which allow for up to 30% of other varieties in both of todays wines, the Rosso di Montepulciano is 94% Sangiovese and the Vino Nobile di Montepulciano is 100%. (And dont be confused by the Montepulciano in the name -- that refers to the city, not the grape.) Lets see how the two wines compare.    Little Brother First up is the 2011 Avignonesi Rosso di Montepulciano which is 94% Sangiovese and 6% local red varieties from Rosso di Montepulciano, Tuscany, Italy. It has an SRP of $19 and is available for as low as $15. 100,000 bottles produced. Imported by Tabaccaia USA. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Avignonesi winery, covering 296 acres of vineyards, is located on the north eastern slopes of the historical town of Montepulciano in the south of Tuscany.  Fragrant aromas of red summer fruit and subtle Mediterranean herbs with a round, distinct taste.  Can be paired with most hearty dishes, such as pasta, chicken or roast meat.  Serving temperature: 60F  14% Alcohol""The 2011 Avignonesi Rosso di Montepulciano begins with very pleasant aromas of black cherry, violets and baking spice. The wine tastes smooth and delicious with lots of juicy red and black berry fruit, a great spicy streak and even a bit of a nice earthy undertone. Thanks to the good acidity we found it be a very good food wine as well. It ends dry and very long. This one is easy to drink and offers good complexity, a combination we love, at a great value.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 8.0Highly Recommended    Big Brother Second is the 2011 Avignonesi Vino Nobile di Montepulciano which is 100% Sangiovese from Vino Nobile di Montepulciano, Tuscany, Italy. It has an SRP of $29 and is available for as low as $23 (Saturday Splurge). 206,300 bottles produced. Imported by Tabaccaia USA. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The Avignonesi winery, counting 200 hectares/495 acres of vineyards, is located on the north-eastern slopes of the historical town of Montepulciano in southern Tuscany.  Intense aromas of cherries, sweet spices and Mediterranean herbs with a well balanced, savoury and long lingering finish.  Perfect with red meat, game or a selection of cheeses.  Serving temperature: 64F  14% Alcohol""The 2011 Avignonesi Vino Nobile di Montepulciano begins with wonderful aromas of sour cherry, sweet spice and mint. The wine tastes smooth and silky with red and black cherry, cola, licorice, more spice and savory dried herb notes. This one also has good acidity and makes for a great food wine. It ends dry and very long with more fruit, licorice and spice along with some excellent balsamic notes. Also very good, but big brother cranks up the complexity a notch.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1019,"   The label even looks cool!  100% Sauvignon Blanc from Colchagua Valley, Chile.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $22. Sample received courtesy Wines of Chile for review purposes.  From the bottle: ""This wine comes from the rolling hills of Colchaguas Cool Coast region, a magical spot swept by the constant fresh breezes from the Pacific Ocean. It is the most recent example of the Silvas family pioneering quest for maximum quality, and opens up a new western frontier for Colchagua Valleys terroirs...Ideal for Sauvignon Blanc. Our Cool Coast has intense aromas of fresh pineapple with citric notes, the palate is firm with refreshing acidity and mineral character. A very elegant and long finish which reflects the cooler climate and terroir.  13.0% Alcohol""This is our second wine in our ongoing series on coastal whites of Chile, and todays wine is the only one in the series over $20. We havent included many white wines in our Saturday Splurge series, but this one is pretty unique. Well, really all these wines are pretty unique as the cooler climate on the Chilean coast is conducive to growing some very flavorful white grapes. And todays wine is very flavorful indeed!  The 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc begins with inviting aromas of pineapple and green herbs and is a bit grassy. The latter does not carryover when tasting; however. So how does it taste? Excellent. This is a refreshing wine with good acidity and great tart and sour flavors of grapefruit, citrus and green herbs. Reminded me a bit of sour candy, but I really liked it. The finish is crisp and good. This easy to drink and flavorful wine is really quite nice overall, so nice it qualifies for a Saturday Splurge!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20120421"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc"",  ""permalink"" : """" };       Wines in the Chile Coastal Whites series: 2011 Vina Casablanca Nimbus Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc 2010 Santa Rita Medalla Real Gran Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Cono Sur Vision Single Vineyard Sauvignon Blanc 2010 De Martino Legado Reserva Chardonnay 2011 Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc 2011 Los Vascos Barons de Rothschild Sauvignon Blanc 2009 Concha Y Toro Marques De Casa Concha Chardonnay  Also be sure to check out Tour of Chile Part 1 series on Carménère!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1020,"   A Muscat Masterpiece from Sicily.   100% Muscat (Zibibbo) from Sicily, Italy.  This post brought to you by:    Get the 2012 Belle Glos Meiomi Pinot Noir for just $19.09 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   SRP of $43 and available for as low as $32 for a 375ml bottle (Saturday Splurge). Imported by Folio Fine Wine Partners. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our family has crafted wines in Sicily for over 160 years. We are committed to native varietals and Ben Ryé, a naturally sweet wine, is our most precious treasure.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Donnafugata Ben Ryé begins with a fantastic aroma of apricots, tangerines, figs, tea leaves and exotic floral notes. Give it an hour or so in the glass and youll find even more. The wine tastes smooth and rich with a really amazing mouthfeel. The sweet fruit is balanced by more tea, figs and a great spicy acidity. It ends with a very long, complex finish. What a treat!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140329"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Donnafugata Ben Ryé"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/03/donnafugata-ben-rye.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1021,"   The 2010 Eurynome Red and the 2011 Eurynome White wines from Greece.   Today in our Saturday Splurge series we visit one of the oldest winemaking countries in the world for a pair of tasty and very flavorful wines that bring back good memories.  First up is the 2010 Eurynome Red, a blend of 70% Xinomavro and 30% Negoska from Goumenissa, Greece and made from organic grapes. This wine has an SRP of $27 (Saturday Splurge). 1,150 cases produced, imported by Eklektikon. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""According to the oldest Greek myth, life began with the goddess Eurynome. Having nowhere to rest, she split sky from sea, then danced gracefully on the waves, birthing the elemental entirety of the earth; uniting wisdom and divinity. Her namesake wine is he result of equally comprehensive winemaking.  The vivid acidity of highly esteemed Greek Xinomavro (acid-black) grape is softened by the pleasantly aromatic Negoska. Matured in oak barrels for 12 months, and then 6 months longer in the bottle, the result of this aging is an aromatically complex wine, predominantly scented by bramble fruits, finely nuanced with notes of spice, tomato, olive, and vanilla. Full bodied on the palate, aromatic, richly tannined, and with an enduring finish.   13.5% Alcohol""The 2010 Eurynome Red begins with major aromas of cherry, black cherry and vanilla. Tasting this medium-bodied, smooth and velvety wine reveals lots more rich black cherry, vanilla and cola flavors. Its also quite tannic. Being somewhat of a soda aficionado in my younger days, the flavors in this wine (but definitely not all the sweetness) immediately reminded me of the short-lived Black Cherry Vanilla Coke, or nowadays like the Cherry Vanilla Coke you can create in those Coca-Cola Freestyle fountains. (This is not a bad thing, in my opinion.) It finishes quite long and dry.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Next up is the 2011 Eurynome White which is 100% Roditis from Paiko, Greece and also made from organic grapes. This wine has an SRP of $20 (Saturday Splurge). 945 cases produced, imported by Eklektikon. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The light and fruity Roditis (literally “rose”) is one of the oldest and most renowned Greek grapes, features the aroma of basil and ginger, with fruity cues of apple and banana sweetness. Light and delicate in the mouth, with a lingering finish.  13.0% Alcohol""I like to eat, eat, eat apples and bananas, I like to...if you have young kids then Im sure you know the apples and bananas vowel song. Thats what came to mind at first sniff of the 2011 Eurynome White as this wine has the unmistakable aroma of both apples and bananas, along with a hint of ginger (that you wont find in the song). Its really quite a nice and enticing aroma. The wine tastes delicate and delicious. It has similar flavors to the nose with a light sweetness and a good dose of refreshing lemon/lime along with a wonderful silky smooth mouthfeel. The long finish features some spicy mineral notes that wraps things up nicely. A joy to drink!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1022,"   If we gave out medals this wine would get gold.   Syrah from Lodi, California.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Belle Glos Meiomi Pinot Noir for just $19.09 plus FREE SHIPPING on all orders!   SRP of $22 and available at that price (Saturday Splurge). 150 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Our entire Estate Syrah vineyard is under organic farming practices. Only the most select fruit from this vineyard goes into our Family Estate wine. This classic Rhone style wine has an intense blackberry and raspberry fruit aroma and reveals typical Syrah spice characteristics.  14.2% Alcohol""Todays wine comes from one of our favorite value spots, Lodi, and we were fortunate enough to taste it as part of an online wine and cheese event from Lodi Wine. In addition to being great all on its own, this Syrah matched wonderfully with the Old Amsterdam cheese from Holland that the owner of Cheese Central (Cindy Della Monica) capably selected to pair with it. (The cheese was fantastic in its own right as well -- even my rather picky 6 and 9 year old daughters loved it.)  The 2011 Fields Family Wines Estate Syrah begins with a very nice aroma of plum, violets, blackberry, sweet spice and a little smoke. Tasting reveals loads of spicy plum, some nice herbal notes and a bit of licorice, leather and smoked meat. Rich and a bit chewy, this is a big flavorful wine and I like it a lot. In one of those ""you know it when you see it"" moments, the first thing that popped into my head when tasting this wine was ""Spoicy"" a la Sage Kostenburg. It ends fabulously with long lasting spice notes. If you can restrain yourself from finishing off the bottle, itll be just as good on day 2.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140222"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Fields Family Wines Estate Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/02/fields-family-wines-estate-syrah.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1023,"   From our favorite splurge spot for Pinot Noir.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Santa Carolina Reserva de Familia Cabernet Sauvignon 2011 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any order!   100% Pinot Noir from Russian River Valley, California.  SRP of $45 and available for as low as $32. 6,062 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""This blend marries eight vineyards from around the Russian River Valley, taking advantage of varied climates and unique site characteristics to create a rich and complex wine. The Nonella and Toboni vineyards are located in the Santa Rosa Plains, a distinctly cooler and foggier area just south of the winery. Floodgate, Bacigalupi and McIntyre are in the slightly warmer Middle Reach subdivision, which is in closer proximity to the river. Stephens, Galante and Hallberg are all within the boundaries of the much colder Green Valley sub-appellation where the vines are exposed to more extreme and much cooler conditions.  This wine exudes complex aromas of sour cherry compote, candied ginger, cedar, tangerine zest, black pepper and sweet cherry wood followed by an intriguing flavor profile of wild berry preserves, hibiscus, pomegranate liqueur and plum chutney. Incredibly balanced and nicely nuanced, the finish offers velvety tannins and bright, crisp acidity.  14.2% Alcohol""Were big fans of Pinot Noir from Russian River Valley, which is why we often turn to these wines when it comes time for a Saturday Splurge. So, you might be wondering, what makes this area so special? In short, the Russian River Valley with its cool weather (its one of the coolest AVAs in California), abundant morning fog and long growing season is perfect for growing and ripening excellent Pinot Noir grapes full of flavor and complexity.  The 2011 Gary Farrell Russian River Selection Pinot Noir begins with beautiful and complex aroma of black cherry and spice along with secondary notes of citrus, a little cedar and some nice floral notes. The wine tastes excellent with a very smooth, velvety mouthfeel full of blackberry, black cherry and cola flavors along with a bit of an earthy note. Lovely oaky spice, cedar and black pepper lead into the long, dry finish of this wonderfully balanced wine. Fantastic!  For another Gary Farrell wine with an amazing mouthfeel check out the Gary Farrell Redwood Ranch Sauvignon Blanc 2011.   Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140510"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Gary Farrell Russian River Selection Pinot Noir"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/05/gary-farrell-russian-river-selection-pinot-noir.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1024,"   A stroke of good fortune brings us this excellent old vine Sangiovese.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Boedecker Stewart Pinot Noir 2011 for just $22.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   90% Sangiovese with the remaining 10% a blend of Malvasia Nera, Colorino and Canaiolo from Tuscany, Italy.  SRP of $30 and available for as low as $26 (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""This wine, historically dedicated to new births in the Frescobaldi Family, originates from the oldest vines of Castello di Nipozzano, endowed with deep root systems.  Of great complexity and harmony, this reserve wine is refined for 24 months in oak barrels according to ancient Tuscan tradition.  14.5% Alcohol""This is a new wine from Frescobaldi, and as it turns out, one that was a bit of an accident (at least according to a Wine Spectator article here). The grapes for this wine come from a 50-acre plot of 40-year-old vines. These grapes are usually blended into the excellent Nipozzano Chianti Rufina Riserva but when this plot was the last to be harvested in 2011 all of the stainless steel tanks were already full. As a result the winemakers decided to ferment this group of old vine grapes by itself in cement tanks. As the wine developed they liked the results so much that a new wine was born. After recently sampling a bottle ourselves, its easy to see why the Frescobaldi family was so excited about it.  The 2011 Marchesi de Frescobaldi Nipozzano Vecchie Viti Chianti Rufina Riserva opens with a wonderful, strong aroma that sucks you right into the glass. Black cherry, spice, raspberry, roses, lavender, a little vanilla, menthol and more all greet your nose. In fact, it smells so good make sure you dont forget to taste it! When you do youll find succulent sweet berry notes, lovely spice and licorice and assorted dried herbal notes that all combine to make a fabulously tasty wine. It ends long, dry and a bit chewy with lots of spicy mineral notes. Serendipity indeed!  Buy this wine online from our featured sponsor Marketview Liquor or see a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20141220"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Nipozzano Vecchie Viti Chianti Rufina Riserva"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/12/nipozzano-vecchie-viti-chianti-rufina-riserva.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our emails to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1025," Find our other recommended wines from the Plonk Wine Club here.  Find all our Wine Club Reviews here.     The 2011 La Baronne Coste-Lise Corbieres and the 2011 Martian Ranch Local Group Grenache Noir.   As part of our ongoing effort to not only find great wine, but also the best places to buy that wine weve been endeavoring to review a number of wine club programs. First up was Club W followed by NakedWines. Today we take a look at the Plonk Wine Club.  Plonk Wine Club focuses on small, hard to find artisanal producers. This is a wine club for the adventurous wine drinker who has eclectic tastes and enjoys trying wines you wont find at your local store. The monthly club features both 2 and 4 bottle programs that offer red wines only, white wines only, or mixed. The cost is $90 per month for 4 wines shipped to your door, slightly above our normal $20 cut-off (which is why were covering this as a Saturday Splurge) but such is the premium you pay when you are buying wine from small producers.   Of course the real test is the quality of the wines, so lets take a look at a couple I received in a recent sample shipment.     Good plonk!  First up is the 2011 La Baronne Coste-Lise Corbieres, a blend of 50% Carignan, 30% Syrah and 20% Mourvedre from Corbieres, Languedoc-Roussillon, France. It has very limited availability on Wine-Searcher for around $15. 2,500 cases produced.  From the bottle:  ""Family estate located in the Languedoc, South of France. Through their wines, the Ligneres translate their passion and respect for the vineyard and for its surrounding land by natural farming methods, avoiding the use of pesticides, herbicides, insecticides and chemical fertilizers.. 100% Hand harvested. Indigenous yeasts. No fining. No filtration.  14% Alcohol""The 2011 La Baronne Coste-Lise Corbieres begins with a really beautiful and fruity aroma of red and black cherry and black raspberry along with a hint of mint and anise. Just be sure to give it some time to breathe to get the best results. Tasting reveals loads more juicy fruit wrapped up in a smooth and savory texture and a nice bit of spice. It ends dry and spicy with some light lingering mineral notes and tart fruit.  Find our other recommended wines from the Plonk Wine Club here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 5Overall Rating: 7.3Recommended Buy    Out of this world.  Next up is the 2011 Martian Ranch Local Group Grenache Noir, a blend of 84% Grenache Noir, 9% Mourvedre, 4% Syrah and 2% Grenache Blanc from Santa Barbara County, California. It has very limited availability on Wine-Searcher at an average price of $25. 450 cases produced.  From the winery: “Locals Only” is the rallying cry for this Grenache Noir. It makes up quite an area code, however, going beyond our own Los Alamos motto, “93440, Can you dig it?” The Local Group takes up a bit more space, is a bit more far reaching. In celestial terms, the Local Group is the group of galaxies that includes, among many others, the Earths own Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy. In the Martian Universe, whatʼs a few galaxies among friends? Local Group isnʼt available in Andromeda yet, but there are plans afoot. Meanwhile, enjoy it here, or there, or just about anywhere the Locals will allow.The 2011 Martian Ranch Local Group Grenache Noir begins with pleasant aromas of plum, a streak of red berry fruit, lots of musty earth and a hint of olive. The wine tastes smooth and nicely balanced with juicy dark fruit, a little tobacco and plenty more earthy notes. It also has great complexity and a long dry finish featuring toasty oak and tobacco. Excellent!  Find our other recommended wines from the Plonk Wine Club here. Saturday Splurge  This post contains affiliate links. If you click through using these links and make a purchase we may be compensated. We use this money to pay for the costs of running this site. Thank you for supporting us in this way!  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1026,"   The 2012 Estate Crush, 2013 Turley, 2011 Onesta and 2011 Michael David Winery Ancient Vines Cinsault.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Tenuta Di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   All four wines are 100% organically grown Cinsault from Bechthold Vineyard, Lodi, California.  Cinsault (pronounced sin-SO in the U.S. and san-SO in France) is most commonly used as a blending component in red wines or at times as a rosé. What most may not know is that this variety more than stands on its own as a single varietal red wine and actually offers a perfect complement to your Thanksgiving feast flavors.  However Im not talking about just any Cinsault here, what you want is Cinsault from the 25 acre Bechthold Vineyard in Lodi, California which, believe it or not, is one of the oldest Cinsault vineyards in the world. You read that right -- despite this variety being grown for several centuries in southern France the Bechthold Vineyard planted in 1886 may just be the oldest in the world.  And as it turns out this gem of a vineyard was almost never recognized for what it was and subsequently nearly lost forever. Just over 10 short years ago the vineyard sat in disregard and in danger of being ripped up because the grapes, then thought to be a variety called Malvoisie, were selling for such a low price that it almost didnt make sense to pick them. Through a fortuitous turns of events (which you can read about at The Wines of Lodi blog) the vineyard was preserved and is now thriving. A number of different labels produce wine from the Bechtold Vineyard so today weve got excellent picks from four of them -- two under $20 and two Saturday Splurges.    First up is the 2013 Michael David Winery Ancient Vine Cinsault which has an SRP of $25 and is available for as low as $19.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Planted by Joseph Spenker in 1885, our Cinsault comes from Lodis oldest producing vineyard and one of the worlds oldest Cinsault plantings. Now farmed by Michaels son, Kevin Phillips, this vineyard is head trained and dry farmed just how it was when planted 130 years ago.  14.5% Alcohol""One of our favorite Cinsault wines from Bechthold Vineyard (and also one of the cheapest) is the 2013 Michael David Winery Ancient Vine Cinsault. This wine opens with lovely, lovely, lovely aromas of cranberry, baking spice, mint, red licorice, black cherry and lots of floral notes. Tasting shows an excellent subtle complexity with juicy fruit, minerals, spice and dried herbs all combining seamlessly in this light to medium-bodied wine. It ends very long and lingering. And just like the others we are featuring today, this is a fabulous wine for Pinot Noir lovers.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Second is the 2013 Turley Cinsault which has an SRP of $17 and is available at that price. 1,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Planted in 1886, this Cinsault vineyard is the oldest of its kind in the country—perhaps even beyond. The vines are gnarly, head-trained and planted on their own roots. The wine is light-bodied, tart, perfumed, and extremely well balanced.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 Turley Cinsault begins with very nice, very complex aromas of crushed flowers, strawberry, cranberry, red cherry, red licorice and a little spice. Tasting the light to medium-bodied wine reveals lots of cranberry, lightly candied red cherry and even some pomegranate. The wine also turns quite tart when tasting and is lightly spicy. It ends long with lots of lingering tart sweet fruit.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Third is the 2012 Estate Crush Cinsault which has an SRP of $26 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Only 100 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Estate Crush wines showcase our custom, handcrafted small lot production capabilities. From every barrel, bottle and glass of wine, Estate Crush is dedicated to creating wines that release the full potential of the fruit on the vine. We hope you enjoy drinking this wine as much as our team enjoyed creating it. Cheers!  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Estate Crush Cinsault begins with an excellent aroma of strawberry, red cherry, roses, a little mint and other spice plus hints of rhubarb and cranberry. The wine tastes really lovely and quite complex with strawberry, red cherry, pomegranate and cranberry mixed with fantastic spice notes. Those hints of rhubarb and mint from the nose carry over as well. It ends very, very long and delicious with lots of lingering spice.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Last, but not least is the 2011 Onesta Cinsault which has an SRP of $29 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Only 370 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""truth, honesty, virtue  Onesta Cinsault captures the truth of each vintage, uniting the vines, the land, Mother Nature, and maturation. The dry farmed 130 year old Bechthold Vineyard Cinsault produces a wine with deep notes of rhubarb and cherry, a hint of spice and a rich vibrant glow. Enjoy with your good friends now or over the next 3 years.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Onesta Cinsault begins with a very pleasant and complex aroma of strawberry, black cherry, red licorice, spice, rhubarb and a hint of mint. Tasting reveals similar fruit flavors to the nose with a bit of cranberry as well. The wine is also quite juicy when tasting and features very well integrated spice. That hint of rhubarb from the nose comes out mid-palate and carries all the way through the very long, dry finish which also features some excellent mineral notes and more oaky spice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1027,"   Does a favorite region plus a favorite variety plus an acclaimed producer equal a sure thing?   100% Petite Sirah from Dry Creek Valley, California.  This post brought to you by:    Get the Bella Glos Meiomi Chardonnay 2013 for just $19.09 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   SRP of $30 and available for as low as $25 (Saturday Splurge).   From the bottle: ""This wine comes from a block of vines on a rocky knoll at Lytton Springs West. As grape varieties go, petite sirah is not hard to understand. Its King Kong. The trick, therefore, once its harvested and in the winery, is to find its softer side and coax out some of the light-hearted elements that lurk within. In 2011, we think we achieved just that. After a whole berry, natural yeast fermentation, the wine was aged for fourteen months in american oak. Floral, peppery, and enjoyable now, this limited release will be best over the next ten years.  Ingredients: Hand harvested, sustainably grown grapes, indigenous yeasts, naturally occurring malolactic bacteria, minimum effective SO2.  13.5% Alcohol""We love Dry Creek Valley and we love Petite Sirah so for this weeks Saturday Splurge we go to one of the more acclaimed producers in the region to sample their rendition of this variety. A sure thing? Lets find out...  The 2011 Ridge Lytton Estate Petite Sirah begins with an awesome aroma featuring lots of ripe raspberry, blackberry and plum plus wonderful cinnamon notes and secondary notes of black pepper, cocoa and licorice. The wine is loaded with rich, luscious, savory fruit wrapped up in a super smooth and silky mouthfeel when tasting. The fruit flavors are similar to the nose in this medium-bodied wine which also features a little licorice, vanilla and black tea along with good acidity. It ends very long and a bit grippy with a mouth drying finish highlighting even more juicy fruit. Be sure to give this fantastic wine plenty of air to open up.  To answer the question we posed at the beginning -- the math adds up on this wine, its definitely a sure thing.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140712"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Ridge Lytton Estate Petite Sirah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/07/ridge-lytton-estate-petite-sirah.html"" };      Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1028,"   Loco For Lodi Wine #8   100% Barbera from Lodi, California.  SRP of $25 and available for as low as $23. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Bellezza Fra (Beauty Within).  Full bodied with forward fruit flavors, ripe cherry and blackberry. Bright acidity balances the elegant tannins. Pairs well with rich pasta sauces and grilled meats.  13.7% Alcohol""Todays wine is the second weve tried from Sorelle Winery in this series after previously reviewing their excellent rosé, which just so happened to contain 50% Barbera. This time weve got a full blown Barbera red, which frankly blew us away and also means its time for a Saturday Splurge!  The 2011 Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera begins with aromas of ripe red fruit like cranberry and raspberry as well as fabulous notes of dried herbs and soft spice. Tasting the wine reveals lots of succulent, ripe, rich fruit with wonderful delicate herbal and spice notes. The wine sings across your tongue with a lovely smooth yet lively texture. It ends with more ripe fruit that turns a bit sour along with more savory herbal notes that continue for a good long time. An awesome wine that is an absolute pleasure to drink!  Wine in the Loco for Lodi Series: Uvaggio Vermentino 2011 - Loco for Lodi Michael David Winery Petite Petit 2010 - Just Plain Fun To Drink Klinker Brick Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - A Classic Lodi Zin Macchia Amorous Sangiovese 2011 - Lovely!  Ravenswood Lodi Old Vine Zinfandel 2010 - Super Ripe and Rich Sorelle Winery Bella e Rosa 2012 - More Than Your Typical Rosé  Noble Vines 337 Cabernet Sauvignon 2010 - A Brilliant Burger Wine  Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera 2011 - A Beauty Of A Barbera  Gnarly Head Authentic Red 2010 - Ready to Party   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130720"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Sorelle Winery Bellezza Fra Barbera"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/07/sorelle-winery-bellezza-fra-barbera.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database.  Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook and add our page to your circles on Google+!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1029,"   Dreaming of June in January  100% Syrah from Coryelle Fields Vineyard, Sonoma Coast, California.  SRP of $22 and available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""June / joon / 1) brightest month of the year in the western hemisphere, named for the Roman goddess Juno - 2) ""dear"" or term of affection in the Persian language.  Legend has it that the source of the Syrah grape lies in the Persian city of Shiraz. While we cant confirm this well embroidered story, we can vouch for our own source of Syrah--from which weve created our very first Rosé.  Coryelle Fields sits at an elevation of 1000 feet amid the foggy ridges of the Sonoma Coast, just off of our namesake Tin Barn Road. The six acre vineyard is owned and managed by Carolyn Coryelle, a wine industry veteran who also holds a degree in viticulture. Winemaker Michael Lancaster has sourced Syrah from this cool climate location for over a decade. Its bright earthy fruit remains dear to our hearts. Enjoy.  14.1% Alcohol""Here at The Reverse Wine Snob were big fans of one of the most under-appreciated styles of wine, Rosé. And even though its a cold and wintry January here, we cant help but dream of this summer staple every once in a while... The night is cold  The trees are bare  But I can feel the scent of roses in the air  Its June in January  But only because Im in love with you  Dean Martin - ""June In January""The 2011 Tin Barn Vineyards Joon Rosé of Syrah begins with a wonderful aroma of wild strawberry and wild flowers plus sea salt and other minerals. The wine tastes simply delicious with lots of lime, a little orange and more strawberry flavors. The best part is the wonderful salty texture prominent all the way through to the long finish. This is not a sweet rosé by any means -- with loads of mineral notes, good acidity and just the right amount of fruit this is an easy and delicious wine to pair with all kinds of foods.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20130105"",  ""title"" : ""2011 Tin Barn Vineyards Joon Rosé of Syrah"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2013/01/tin-barn-vineyards-joon-rose-of-syrah.html"" };    Find out more about my rating system and check out the Wine Ranking to find all my reviews! You can sort by type of wine, cost, rating, etc. in the interactive database. Like The Reverse Wine Snob on Facebook!    #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1030,"   A guaranteed winner.   53% Syrah, 27% Cabernet Franc, 7% Cabernet Sauvignon and 6% Petit Verdot from Napa Valley, California.  Available for just $24.99 (Saturday Splurge) through a special sale for Reverse Wine Snob readers at Zachys.com -- plus free shipping on 6+ bottles! Use code ZRWSFS01 at checkout. Sale good through 6/24 or while supplies last.    From Zachys: ""Dark purple, but still translucent, this is an in-your-face, bomb of lusciousness, with notes of fur, brown spices, dried grape stalks, medium-fine tannins all playing the supporting role to a medley of dark-fruit flavors. Full-bodied. Made from a blend of 53% Syrah, 27% Cabernet Franc, 7% Cabernet Sauvignon and 6% Petit Verdot, this should be drunk now through 2016, preferably with grilled steaks and prime rib...91+"" SWJ 02/14   A new entry from Screaming Eagle winemaker Andy Erickson, this wine is from one of the best California vintages in recent memory. A no-brainer, no-doubt Zachys favorite!"" - Zachys Buying Team  14.9% AlcoholWhile we stand by all of our recommendations here at The Reverse Wine Snob there are some wines that just go above and beyond. Today is one of them.   The 2012 Ace to Five Napa Valley Red Blend begins with a fantastic aroma full of ripe dark fruit, cinnamon, nutmeg and even a hint of chocolate. Tasting reveals a big, ripe, rich, over-the-top delicious wine. Smooth and so luscious, the wine is full of fabulous spice that carries all the way through the long, dry finish that also features fine, slightly grippy tannins. A simply awesome wine that goes all in with tons of delicious flavors and comes out a winner.   Get the 2012 Ace to Five Napa Valley Red Blend for just $24.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on orders of 6+ bottles at Zachys! Use code ZRWSFS01 at checkout. Sale good through 6/24 or while supplies last.  Saturday Splurge PDRTJS_settings_5501784 = {  ""id"" : ""5501784"",  ""unique_id"" : ""20140621"",  ""title"" : ""2012 Ace to Five Napa Valley Red Blend"",  ""permalink"" : ""http://www.reversewinesnob.com/2014/06/ace-to-five-napa-valley-red-blend.html"" };     This review sponsored by:    Get the 2012 Ace to Five Napa Valley Red Blend for just $24.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on orders of 6+ bottles at Zachys! Use code ZRWSFS01 at checkout. Sale good through 6/24 or while supplies last.    Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1031,"   The 2012 Estate Crush, 2013 Turley, 2011 Onesta and 2011 Michael David Winery Ancient Vines Cinsault.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Tenuta Di Arceno Chianti Classico Riserva 2008 for just $19.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   All four wines are 100% organically grown Cinsault from Bechthold Vineyard, Lodi, California.  Cinsault (pronounced sin-SO in the U.S. and san-SO in France) is most commonly used as a blending component in red wines or at times as a rosé. What most may not know is that this variety more than stands on its own as a single varietal red wine and actually offers a perfect complement to your Thanksgiving feast flavors.  However Im not talking about just any Cinsault here, what you want is Cinsault from the 25 acre Bechthold Vineyard in Lodi, California which, believe it or not, is one of the oldest Cinsault vineyards in the world. You read that right -- despite this variety being grown for several centuries in southern France the Bechthold Vineyard planted in 1886 may just be the oldest in the world.  And as it turns out this gem of a vineyard was almost never recognized for what it was and subsequently nearly lost forever. Just over 10 short years ago the vineyard sat in disregard and in danger of being ripped up because the grapes, then thought to be a variety called Malvoisie, were selling for such a low price that it almost didnt make sense to pick them. Through a fortuitous turns of events (which you can read about at The Wines of Lodi blog) the vineyard was preserved and is now thriving. A number of different labels produce wine from the Bechtold Vineyard so today weve got excellent picks from four of them -- two under $20 and two Saturday Splurges.    First up is the 2013 Michael David Winery Ancient Vine Cinsault which has an SRP of $25 and is available for as low as $19.99. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Planted by Joseph Spenker in 1885, our Cinsault comes from Lodis oldest producing vineyard and one of the worlds oldest Cinsault plantings. Now farmed by Michaels son, Kevin Phillips, this vineyard is head trained and dry farmed just how it was when planted 130 years ago.  14.5% Alcohol""One of our favorite Cinsault wines from Bechthold Vineyard (and also one of the cheapest) is the 2013 Michael David Winery Ancient Vine Cinsault. This wine opens with lovely, lovely, lovely aromas of cranberry, baking spice, mint, red licorice, black cherry and lots of floral notes. Tasting shows an excellent subtle complexity with juicy fruit, minerals, spice and dried herbs all combining seamlessly in this light to medium-bodied wine. It ends very long and lingering. And just like the others we are featuring today, this is a fabulous wine for Pinot Noir lovers.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 10              Cost Rating: 1Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Second is the 2013 Turley Cinsault which has an SRP of $17 and is available at that price. 1,000 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the winery: ""Planted in 1886, this Cinsault vineyard is the oldest of its kind in the country—perhaps even beyond. The vines are gnarly, head-trained and planted on their own roots. The wine is light-bodied, tart, perfumed, and extremely well balanced.  13% Alcohol""The 2013 Turley Cinsault begins with very nice, very complex aromas of crushed flowers, strawberry, cranberry, red cherry, red licorice and a little spice. Tasting the light to medium-bodied wine reveals lots of cranberry, lightly candied red cherry and even some pomegranate. The wine also turns quite tart when tasting and is lightly spicy. It ends long with lots of lingering tart sweet fruit.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 9              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.8Highly Recommended  Third is the 2012 Estate Crush Cinsault which has an SRP of $26 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Only 100 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""Estate Crush wines showcase our custom, handcrafted small lot production capabilities. From every barrel, bottle and glass of wine, Estate Crush is dedicated to creating wines that release the full potential of the fruit on the vine. We hope you enjoy drinking this wine as much as our team enjoyed creating it. Cheers!  13.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Estate Crush Cinsault begins with an excellent aroma of strawberry, red cherry, roses, a little mint and other spice plus hints of rhubarb and cranberry. The wine tastes really lovely and quite complex with strawberry, red cherry, pomegranate and cranberry mixed with fantastic spice notes. Those hints of rhubarb and mint from the nose carry over as well. It ends very, very long and delicious with lots of lingering spice.   See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Last, but not least is the 2011 Onesta Cinsault which has an SRP of $29 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). Only 370 cases produced. Sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""truth, honesty, virtue  Onesta Cinsault captures the truth of each vintage, uniting the vines, the land, Mother Nature, and maturation. The dry farmed 130 year old Bechthold Vineyard Cinsault produces a wine with deep notes of rhubarb and cherry, a hint of spice and a rich vibrant glow. Enjoy with your good friends now or over the next 3 years.  14.5% Alcohol""The 2011 Onesta Cinsault begins with a very pleasant and complex aroma of strawberry, black cherry, red licorice, spice, rhubarb and a hint of mint. Tasting reveals similar fruit flavors to the nose with a bit of cranberry as well. The wine is also quite juicy when tasting and features very well integrated spice. That hint of rhubarb from the nose comes out mid-palate and carries all the way through the very long, dry finish which also features some excellent mineral notes and more oaky spice.  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Saturday Splurge  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox. You can now also PRE-ORDER my book an Amazon: Reverse Wine Snob: How to Buy and Drink Great Wine without Breaking the Bank!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
1032,"   Two fine examples of wine from Virginia.   Wine has been made in Virginia for over 200 years, dating all the way back to the time of one of our nations greatest wine lovers - Thomas Jefferson -- who planted some of the states first European vines.   This post brought to you by:    Get the Tenuta Di Arceno Strada al Sasso Chianti Classico Riserva 2007 for just $17.99 plus FREE SHIPPING on any size order!   Unfortunately, this attempt by Jefferson was unsuccessful and while wine was made in the intervening years, its only been recently that the states wine industry has undergone a revolution with a huge improvement in the quality of the wines being made. As a result there are now over 200 wineries in the state.   With vineyard land expensive to buy and develop these wineries tend to be quite small, in fact the total output of all Virginia wineries combined is not even to the level of one large winery in California. These small economies of scale make it hard to keep prices low but Reverse Wine Snobs shouldnt write off Virginia -- theres excellent wine being made here right around $20. Today we have two selections for you, one under $20 and one slightly above, both from Stinson Vineyards, a small family owned winery.     2012 Stinson Vineyards  Monticello Rosé First up is the 2012 Stinson Vineyards Monticello Rosé which is 100% Mourvèdre from Monticello, Virginia. It has an SRP of $17 and is available at that price. 220 cases produced, sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The 2012 Rosé is a crisp and refreshing Southern France style rosé. Fresh and fruity with a hint of smoke on the finish, it is the perfect summer alternative to sauvignon blanc. Pairs well year round with seafood, poultry and light Mediterranean fare.  Stinson Vineyards is a family run boutique vineyard located at the scenic foothills of Virginias Blue Ridge Mountains. Our garage winery combines modern architecture and equipment with traditional winemaking techniques.  13% Alcohol""The 2012 Stinson Vineyards Monticello Rosé begins with classic rosé aromas of strawberry and sea salt along with a bit of an earthy and smoky note. The winery stated they were aiming for Southern France style of rosé and they hit the mark. Tasting reveals a crisp and lively wine loaded with fresh fruit -- mainly watermelon, strawberry and cranberry. It ends with a little white pepper and spicy minerality on the long finish where a bit of that smokiness from the nose returns. Very nice!  See a listing of local retailers selling this wine here. Taste Rating: 8              Cost Rating: 4Overall Rating: 7.0Recommended Buy    2012 Stinson Vineyards  Cabernet Franc  Next up is the 2012 Stinson Vineyards Cabernet Franc, which is comprised of 80% Cabernet Franc, 10% Merlot and 10% Petit Verdot primarily from Benevino Vineyards, Shenandoah Valley, Virginia. It has an SRP of $23 and is available at that price (Saturday Splurge). 100 cases produced, sample submitted for review.  From the bottle: ""The 2012 Cabernet Franc is medium-bodied with soft tannins and complex flavors of black cherry, peppercorn, and tobacco. Whole berry fermented and aged in French oak. Pairs perfectly with steak and stews.  Stinson Vineyards is a family run boutique vineyard located at the scenic foothills of Virginias Blue Ridge Mountains. Our garage winery combines modern architecture and equipment with traditional winemaking techniques.  12.8% Alcohol""The 2012 Stinson Vineyards Cabernet Franc begins with aromas of plum, blackberry, a touch of cranberry, a little spice and a hint of green pepper. Tasting this medium-bodied wine reveals lots of savory dark fruit and lots of spice. A touch of the green pepper note from the nose also carries over. Soft but firm tannins lead into the dry, medium-long finish. At its best after a good decant, this is quite a tasty wine!  Only available direct through the winery.  Saturday Splurge  Dont Miss A Recommended Buy! Subscribe to our daily email to get The Reverse Wine Snob in your inbox!   #pageshare {position:fixed; bottom:22%; margin-left:-82px; float:left; border: 0px solid black; border-radius:4px;-moz-border-radius:4px;-webkit-border-radius:4px;background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 0 1px 0;z-index:10;} #pageshare .sbutton {float:left;clear:both;margin:10px 0px 0 0px;} .fb_share_count_top {width:48px !important;} .fb_share_count_top, .fb_share_count_inner {-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small, .FBConnectButton_RTL_Small {width:49px !important; -moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;} .FBConnectButton_Small .FBConnectButton_Text {padding:2px 2px 3px !important;-moz-border-radius:3px;-webkit-border-radius:3px;font-size:8px;}   Please Share!     Tweet      (function() {     var po = document.createElement(script); po.type = text/javascript; po.async = true;     po.src = https://apis.google.com/js/plusone.js;     var s = document.getElementsByTagName(script)[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(po, s);   })();     Pin It    function run_pinmarklet() { var e=document.createElement(script); e.setAttribute(type,text/javascript); e.setAttribute(charset,UTF-8); e.setAttribute(src,http://assets.pinterest.com/js/pinmarklet.js?r= + Math.random()*99999999); document.body.appendChild(e); }   "
